Project (www.rareproject.org) and The Global
Genes Project (www.globalgenesproject.org), leading patient advocacy
organizations representing the rare disease community, today announced they are
hosting a rare disease 'blog hop' to kick off a month long awareness campaign
leading up to the fifth annual World Rare Disease Day on February 29, 2012.
Project and The Global Genes Project are asking rare disease
patient advocacy groups to support the awareness efforts through the month of
February in a variety of ways:

* Join the 1 Million for Rare disease awareness campaign by going to Facebook
and "liking" the 1 Million for Rare awareness movement -
http://www.facebook.com/globalgenesproject

* In addition to joining the 1 Million for Rare movement, supporters are asked
to spread the word to their social networks and display the 1 Million For Rare
logo on their personal websites or Facebook pages throughout the month of
February 2012

* Write tweets: @GlobalGenes.
Tweet with: #WearThatYouCare

* Become part of the movement by contacting the R.A.R.E Project and join over
500 organizations who support awareness efforts

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

Cortendo AB Joins National Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD)® Corporate
Council

LENGTH: 505  words

DATELINE: Washington


Biotechnology Industry Organization has issued the following news release:

Leaders in Rare Disease Community Unite for National Cushing's Syndrome
Awareness Day on April 8

Cortendo AB (publ) [ticker: CORT on NOTC-A], a global biopharmaceutical company
focused on rare endocrine disorders and other rare diseases, and the National
Organization for Rare Disorders (NORD)®, a leading, independent nonprofit
organization committed to the identification, treatment and cure of rare
diseases, today announced that Cortendo has joined NORD's Corporate Council.
Members include pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device and other
companies engaged in the aspects of health care for the rare disease/orphan
product community.
Members include pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device and other
companies engaged in the aspects of health care for the rare disease/orphan
product community.
Members include pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device and other
companies engaged in the aspects of health care for the rare disease/orphan
product community.
Members include pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device and other
companies engaged in the aspects of health care for the rare disease/orphan
product community.
Members include pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device and other
companies engaged in the aspects of health care for the rare disease/orphan
product community.
The day takes place on the last day of February each year in an effort to raise
awareness amongst the general public and decision-makers about rare diseases and
their impact on patients' lives.
"They often go unnoticed as there is more awareness for the more occurring
conditions such as autism and Down syndrome."
This year marks six years of Rare Disease Day in Australia and continuing this
momentum, Rare Disease Day 2015 puts a focus on the daily lives of patients,
families and caregivers who are 'Living with a Rare Disease'.
To help raise awareness of WAGR syndrome and other rare diseases, community
members can wear black and white or zebra stripes this Saturday.
The day takes place on the last day of February each year in an effort to raise
awareness amongst the general public and decision-makers about rare diseases and
their impact on patients' lives.
"They often go unnoticed as there is more awareness for the more occurring
conditions such as autism and Down syndrome."
This year marks six years of Rare Disease Day in Australia and continuing this
momentum, Rare Disease Day 2015 puts a focus on the daily lives of patients,
families and caregivers who are 'Living with a Rare Disease'.
To help raise awareness of WAGR syndrome and other rare diseases, community
members can wear black and white or zebra stripes this Saturday.
According to the Web site rarediseaseday.org, the objective for this event is to
"raise awareness amongst the general public and decision-makers about rare
diseases and their impact on patients' lives."
The lack of quality health care can lead to inequalities and difficulties in
access to treatment and care.
Health care practitioners and institutions
must report diagnoses of rare diseases to the Registry of the DoH, along with
reports on the status of each patient.
Section 6 provides for referral of patients suspected or already diagnosed with
a rare disease to the Regional Newborn Screening Center nearest them in order to
ensure they receive adequate medical care.
Log on to www.phap.org.ph and www.phapcares.org.ph.
They are far more common than
many people imagine and so the project also hopes to raise awareness of the
6,000-8,000 rare diseases that exist," she added.
James has not had any ongoing medical care from a clinician with expertise in
LMBB syndrome since he was 17, when he was discharged from paediatric health
services.
For more information about the
Laurence Moon Bardet Biedl Society visit www.lmbbs.org.uk Rare disease day Rare
Disease Day, on Wednesday, is a global event designed to raise awareness of rare
diseases and improve services for those affected.
Rare Disease UK is now campaigning for a strategy in Wales and for integrated
services to speed up diagnosis and ensure there is effective treatment and care
for people living with rare conditions.
"Raising awareness of rare diseases and the need for a co-ordinated strategy for
the diagnosis, treatment and research of rare diseases is hugely important."
Lau was chosen for the school basketball
team, exercised a lot, and was good at tennis.
She quit her job to take care of Xiaoyu at
home.
The Ice Bucket Challenge, which was a hugely popular social media phenomenon
around the world in the summer of 2014, set out to increase awareness of
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS).
A mother takes care of her child who suffers from Pompe disease.
In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      February 29, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Actelion Emphasizes Commitment to Advance Research, Care in Rare Diseases

LENGTH: 602  words


Feb. 29 -- Today, on Rare Disease Day 2016, patients, their families and
caregivers, patient organizations, medical professionals, politicians and
researchers are coming together to raise awareness for what living with a rare
disease means for those affected and for their families.
Patients play a crucial role in bringing both research and the standard of care
in rare diseases forward, which is recognized in the theme of this year's Rare
Disease Day, 'Patient Voice'.
Presented to pioneering
companies for the development of treatments for rare diseases, the award in
particular acknowledges Actelion's work with patient groups to support the
patient and carer community.
Through the company's collaborative work with patient groups and healthcare
professionals, Actelion has become a trusted partner in supporting activities
that raise awareness of the challenges facing those living with rare diseases
and help bring about positive change.
Think NP-C" campaign to encourage
earlier diagnosis of Niemann-Pick type C disease among healthcare professionals
unfamiliar with this rare condition.
Martine Clozel, MD, Chief Scientific Officer at Actelion, commented: "I am very
proud that, together with the PAH community, Actelion has brought about not one,
but several paradigm shifts in PAH care.
I am convinced that with
our strong and innovative research, Actelion will continue to advance care in
many rare diseases."
It is at the clinical trial stage, and if the trials show the
drug is safe and well then it can be used in treatments."
Lau was chosen for the school basketball
team, exercised a lot, and was good at tennis.
Making sure patients and their families and carers
have the information they need, are listened to and consulted ?
Developing better
coordination of care for those with a rare disease, including joined up
consultation and treatment schedules ?
Building on research to improve
personalised approaches to healthcare for those with a rare disease AVA
BROWN-VIALETTO VAN LAERE SYNDROME GRAHAM Jolliffe was heartbroken when his
little girl asked him to draw for her - because she could no longer hold a pen.
But while Alasdair, 22, can quickly be identified as being disabled, Chloe, 18,
has such a good grasp of vocabulary people do not realise she is disabled.
Key features of the UK Strategy for Rare Diseases, which was published in
November 2013, include:

[#x25cf] Making sure patients and their families and carers have the information
they need, are listened to and consulted

[#x25cf] Developing better methods of identifying and preventing rare diseases

[#x25cf] Improving diagnosis and earlier intervention for those with a rare
disease

[#x25cf] Developing better coordination of care for those with a rare disease,
including joined up consultation and treatment schedules

[#x25cf] Building on research to improve personalised approaches to healthcare
for those with a rare disease

Are you or a member of your family living with a rare disease?Ava:
Brown-Vialetto Van Laere Syndrome

Graham Jolliffe was heartbroken when his little girl asked him to draw for her -
because she could no longer hold a pen.
But while Alasdair, 22, can quickly be identified as being disabled, Chloe, 18,
has such a good grasp of vocabulary people do not realise she is disabled.
"I had never heard of Alstrom, but when I heard the word syndrome, it got me
scared.
Some seven years later, the Tristan Brown ABC's of Rare Diseases Foundation will
hold its annual candlelight vigil Tuesday to raise awareness about that illness
and other rare diseases.
Read more: Brave Dublin dad determined to show there is life after getting
stroke

"The resourcing of clinical genetics services in Ireland is fundamental to the
diagnosis, care and treatment of people with rare diseases.
Read more: Brave Dublin dad determined to show there is life after getting
stroke

"The resourcing of clinical genetics services in Ireland is fundamental to the
diagnosis, care and treatment of people with rare diseases.
All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                            February 29, 2016 Monday
                               Ahmedabad Edition

'Need for policy on rare disorders'

SECTION: TIMES CITY

LENGTH: 182 words


Hunter syndrome and Hurler syndrome these are the diseases which

affect one person in two lakh, but the patients and their kins suffer since
diagnosis is difficult due to lack of medication, awareness and symptoms that
are similar to ear infections, runny noses, and cold.
On Feb. 28, the world marked the Rare Disease Day, an annual observance that
started in 2007 to raise awareness of rare diseases, increase international
cooperation in the field of clinical and scientific research, and share
scientific knowledge on all rare diseases.
Patients
often lack access to effective medical care and information, leaving them
feeling isolated and misinformed.
"I know from experience the challenges they face, because I cared for and lost
my youngest son due to complications from a rare congenital disease called
trisomy 13," said Sen. Pia Cayetano in a privilege speech on Feb. 25.
Other children affected with rare
diseases do not share the same situation as the Parco brothers, who have been
fortunate enough to receive help and support to sustain the maintenance drugs
they need," said Cayetano, who raised the need to fund healthcare and assistance
for raredisease patients during a recent budget deliberation for the Department
of Health (DOH), proposing that P100 million be taken from the proceeds of the
sin tax for this purpose.
The Phase I clinical study is being conducted
in the United States as a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, single
ascending dose study to evaluate the safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics
of subcutaneous dosing of RG-012 in healthy volunteers.
"If he could work on his free kicks, he might score a goal this year," says Mr.
Douglas, who has worked hard to make sure Palmer has as normal a childhood as
possible, as well getting him appropriate medical care.
Some sort
of national centre or clinic for people with rare disorders would be a good
first step, she says.
"We definitely need more awareness raised as well as treatment options ... and I
am confident the #TreatRareDisease campaign will help achieve this.
She's now 62
and a survivor after being put into palliative care at 30, but somehow pulling
through.
"We definitely need more awareness raised as well as treatment options ... and I
am confident the #TreatRareDisease campaign will help achieve this.
She's now 62
and a survivor after being put into palliative care at 30, but somehow pulling
through.
The candlelight vigil is meant to raise awareness for the hundreds of diseases
that are too atypical to have their own day or month, unlike common disease like
heart disease or breast cancer.
Seven years later, the Tristan Brown ABC's of Rare Diseases Foundation held its
5th annual candlelight vigil to raise awareness about that illness and other
rare diseases.
"Over the past few years, this vigil has helped raise awareness to rare diseases
-- a lot of my coworkers will say they know someone with a rare disease and this
event helps is raising that awareness," Smith said.
They are far more common than
many people imagine and so the project also hopes to raise awareness of the
6,000-8,000 rare diseases that exist," she added.
it said people with diseases lose the most productive years of their lives and
hence need timely and accurate diagnosis, multidisciplinary care and
comprehensive treatment.
Volunteer Commissioner Yiannis Yiannaki, referring to this year's campaign
slogan 'The Voice of Patients' said the aim was to achieve the changes necessary
to improve the lives of patients and their families and carers.
Yiannaki did concede that it was
generally recognised that there are gaps in the provision of health care to
those patients with rare diseases.
The campaign this year, he added, aims to strengthen the voice of these patients
and raise society's awareness, and that of health professionals regarding rare
diseases.
There were, he said NGOs active abroad and in Cyprus that encourage
patients to demand equal opportunities in access to health care.
"This is a
hugely important issue that needs to be tackled - patients and families should
not have to face an inequitable level of care from the NHS because they have the
misfortune of their condition being rare."
> HEALTH WALES: PAGES 22-27

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Nick Thomas with his wife Gillian at home in Newport

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: wm


                    Copyright 2010 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Laurinburg Exchange (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          February 25, 2015 Wednesday

Vigil to raise awareness of rare disease

BYLINE: The Laurinburg Exchange, N.C.
SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 310 words


Feb. 25--LAURINBURG -- On Friday evening, Chaka Davis will mark what would have
been her son's sixth birthday with a public candlelight vigil, held to raise
awareness of the rare disease that took his young life.
All three organizations
promote awareness of and advocate for individuals with rare diseases in the hope
that with awareness, medical practitioners will be better able to diagnose and
treat them.
___ (c)2015 The Laurinburg Exchange (Laurinburg, N.C.) Visit The Laurinburg
Exchange (Laurinburg, N.C.) at www.laurinburgexchange.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150225-1LX-Vigil-to-raise-awareness-of-rare-disease-0225-20150225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LX


                     Copyright 2015 The Laurinburg Exchange


                              39 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               walesonline.co.uk

                      February 26, 2016 Friday 6:00 AM GMT

These amazing pictures of children suffering from rare diseases were taken by a
mum desperate to show the personalities behind their conditions;
Photographer Ceridwen Hughes started the not for profit group Same But Different
to discourage people from judging people by appearance

BYLINE: By Rachael Misstear

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 597 words


These enchanting images of children form part of new photographic exhibition
which celebrates difference.
They are far more common than
many people imagine and so the project also hopes to raise awareness of the
6000-8000 rare diseases that exist," she added.
They are far more common than
many people imagine and so the project also hopes to raise awareness of the
6000-8000 rare diseases that exist," she added.
They are far more common than
many people imagine and so the project also hopes to raise awareness of the
6000-8000 rare diseases that exist," she added.
They are far more common than
many people imagine and so the project also hopes to raise awareness of the
6000-8000 rare diseases that exist," she added.
The Center strives to develop innovative diagnostics
and treatments for integration into the provision of personalized, comprehensive
assessment and care for people with ASD.
In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

Family coping with baby's rare disease ; Flagler family struggles to cope with
baby's rare breathing disorder

BYLINE: Laurie Hahn, Laurie Hahn laurie.hahn@news-jrnl.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1079  words


PALM COAST -- Lyra Havlin turned 2 months old on Nov. 5 but she has yet to leave
the neonatal intensive care unit of Wolfson Children's Hospital in Jacksonville.
With that goal in mind, she and Havlin are training to be able to care for Lyra
at home.
"It's more like home intensive care," Ingyinn said.
NEW NORMAL

The family now is looking for a vehicle to carry the family plus all the
equipment they will need for Lyra, and for a house with enough room for them,
the equipment, and, for the first three months home, a full-time nurse to help
care for Lyra.
The event was part of his cross-province tour, where he heard from many
Ontarians about what the government can do to better take care of people
suffering from rare diseases.
"This is a right every Ontarian has," said Ann Bilodeau of the right to proper
health care.
Participants around the table highlighted issues with drug and equipment costs
and plans, access that is different from province to province, the lack of
medical specialists and advocating for their own health care.
LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                            February 28, 2011 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

My boy will get all the care he needs, under a single roof;
It's the good news that people with rare diseases have been waiting for: the
opening of a centre bringing together the right specialists in one place.
Funded
mainly by the Department of Health, to the tune of nearly £31 million, the
centre will provide not only joined-up health care for patients with a rare
disease, but state-of-the-art research facilities.
"These amazing fish are a cheap and very efficient way of testing the impact and
safety of drugs for rare genetic conditions," says Dr Ferenc Müller, reader in
genetics at Birmingham University.
At the heart of the new service is a "Rolls-Royce" personalised health care
service, according to Professor Tim Barrett, a consultant paediatrician and
Alström syndrome expert.
She believes rare disease patients deserve the same level of care, empathy and
knowledgeable treatment as a person with cancer or heart disease, no matter
where they live.
"Although we raise money, primarily it is raising awareness and giving the
families who are affected by a rare disease, some sense of belonging in the
community and helping people understand what they go through."
International Rare Disease Day is an annual awareness-raising event that aims to
draw attention to rare diseases and the millions of people who are affected by
8000 known rare diseases.
As a result, people can't absorb enough nutrients or fluids from food
and liquids to maintain good health.
But the changes in the genetic technology has
now enabled us to rapidly get to a diagnosis that previously had been left and
the care for patients with rare diseases is usually suboptimal for the same
reasons that the health services are not geared up to looking after them.
But to
take care of these patients is a multi team approach.
In the northern hemisphere, in the colder climates
diseases like Rickets are fairly common until they fortified milk with Vitamin D
but also the other thing is that Vitamin D which obviously maintains healthy
bones is good to certain level as it can also cause cancer.
I thought with my diagnosis nailed down at last, they'd care
more.
I thought with my diagnosis nailed down at last, they'd care
more.
As a result, people can't absorb enough nutrients or fluids from food
and liquids to maintain good health.
As a result, people can't absorb enough nutrients or fluids from food
and liquids to maintain good health.
On and around February 28, hundreds of organisations from more than 60 countries
and regions worldwide hold awareness programmes highlighting the slogan 'Rare
Disorders without Borders'.
"We need to change the societal attitude towards
people with rare diseases and look at inclusion at all levels, from education to
labour market."
In the UAE, the open day was part of a week-long campaign that was rolled out in
three phases - mall-wide awareness activities to educate residents about rare
diseases, observance of the Rare Diseases Day, and the concluding Zayed Bin
Mohammed family gathering at Al Khawanij.
The Hinmans -- including parents Nate and Alli (Hinman) Smith -- are hoping to
help change the course of the disease, not just for Spencer, but for all
children and families impacted by Sanfilippo Syndrome and other rare diseases by
raising awareness of these conditions, Linda said, and also by convincing New
York State's two senators in Washington, D.C., to vote for the 21st Century
Cures Act.
"Since
birth, his temperament has been happy and good natured, and he's always smiling.
The Hinmans -- including parents Nate and Alli (Hinman) Smith -- are hoping to
help change the course of the disease, not just for Spencer, but for all
children and families impacted by Sanfilippo Syndrome and other rare diseases by
raising awareness of these conditions, Linda said, and also by convincing New
York State's two senators in Washington, D.C., to vote for the 21st Century
Cures Act.
"Since
birth, his temperament has been happy and good natured, and he's always smiling.
3

LENGTH: 590 words


AWARENESS Rare Disease Day is an awareness campaign that takes place on the last
day of February every year.
"He wanted to know it was ready, so we bought some
land, went up there and he lay down in it and said to me, 'This is a good spot
mum, lie down with me', so I did.
Jack's illness left him deaf, dumb, incontinent, confined to a wheelchair and in
need of 24-hour care.
"I'm very lucky to be here in New York with access to medical care," she says.
"I'm very lucky to be here in New York with access to medical care," she says.
That's the mindset that emerges for some people who battle a rare disease, after
they discover that care or medicine needed to live a normal life - or just
survive - fall outside what Ontario can provide.
"We need support for families and caregivers [too]."
That's the mindset that emerges for some people who battle a rare disease, after
they discover that care or medicine needed to live a normal life - or just
survive - fall outside what Ontario can provide.
"We need support for families and caregivers [too]."
I and my family have set up The Helen Maude Garfit Fund to raise awareness and
financial support for this worthwhile work.
Health care professionals and the general public need to be aware of the
difficulties for subsequent generations and the continuing burden to both health
and education services if this condition continues to go unrecognised.
By raising awareness it is
hoped that many families will be spared the added challenges of bringing up a
child or children suffering from learning disabilities.
He receives the drug at no cost through a
pharmaceutical company's compassionate care program.
Prader-Willi syndrome is a good example: Patients have been obtaining growth
hormone for almost nine years since the National Institute for Health and
Clinical Excellence ruled in favour of it, saying it was a "clinically and
cost-effective way to treat children with growth hormone deficiency."
Recommendations to fund these licensed medicines are made after being
carefully studied and having agreed upon clinical protocols created by doctors
who treat the rare disease or condition.
More awareness is
needed among the medical fraternity, especially pediatricians and gynecologists,
and among parents and couples planning to have a baby.
"It's about getting people there raising awareness and raising funds so that
they can support research."
To register in the three or five kilometre run, walk, or ride,
visit rarefriends.org

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Tablelands Advertiser


                   Copyright 2017 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               dailyrecord.co.uk

                        March 1, 2015 Sunday 9:14 AM GMT

Record View: NHS must deliver the best care for people with rare diseases;
LIVING with a rare disease is an incredibly difficult ordeal.
The need for proper health care poses challenges in terms of access to
treatment.
That's why the Daily Record are lending our support to Rare Diseases Day - to
raise awareness, join the campaign to make sure that sufferers have access to
effective services and to ensure that patients and their families and carers are
listened to and understood.
There is never going to be enough money to meet all the demands placed on the
NHS but they can deliver the best care possible for every individual, whatever
their circumstances and however challenging their condition.
More care, more understanding and more clinical and scientific research can make
a big difference to those who have to carry the burden of having rare and
sometimes incurable diseases.
All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday
                                   E1 Edition

World's spotlight falls on rare diseases;
The lack of awareness is big challenge

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.
As part of a worldwide campaign to raise awareness for patients, families and
carers who are affected by rare diseases, Rare Disease Day takes place on the
last day of February every year.
"Affected families become part of a community who can share experiences and
advice, and are supported by dedicated healthcare workers.
As part of a public awareness campaign, RDSA hosted a Denim Walk on Sunday at
the Walter Sisulu Botanical Gardens in Roodepoort.
RDSA helps patients to access life-saving treatment and supportive care for
improved quality of life.
"The main objective of Rare Disease Day, and the Denim Walk, is to raise
awareness among the public and decision-makers about rare diseases and their
impact on patients' lives," says Kelly du Plessis, the chief executive of RDSA.
"GA-SA unites patient support groups, healthcare professionals and other
stakeholders relevant to the care and prevention of congenital disorders.
Together we aim to make a difference to awareness of rare diseases in South
Africa," she says.
"Among the greatest challenges for parents and children living with rare
diseases isâ[#x20ac]¨the lack of awareness and understanding from those around
them, difficulty in obtaining an accurate diagnosis, the feeling of being
isolated, and the financial toll that illness takes on families," explains Du
Plessis.
"We urge people to support those living with rare diseases by volunteering at
our events, donating to our projects, swimming, cycling or running for rare
diseases, and helping us to create greater awareness by educating those around
you," Du Plessis says.
The award for patient care was given by EURORDIS, the European Organisation for
Rare Diseases, a non-governmental alliance of patient organisations and
individuals dedicated to improving the quality of life for people living with
rare diseases in Europe.
This observance spotlights the nearly 30
million people in the United States and millions more worldwide who are living
with a rare disorder, many of whom have difficulty getting the right care
because of a lack of education about these conditions.
"As a company dedicated to
developing treatments for orphan gastrointestinal and endocrine disorders, NPS
salutes the researchers, patients, advocates, and healthcare providers who are
working tirelessly to make a meaningful difference in the lives of those
affected by rare disorders."
NORD is the sponsor
in the U.S.

On Rare Disease Day 2012, activities in the U.S. will include a "Handprints
Across America" campaign to create a gallery of photos on the Rare Disease Day
website; educational materials for classroom teachers; and a nationwide blitz of
patient photos, stories and videos to increase awareness of specific rare
diseases and the challenges of living with a rare disease.
The three or five kilometre course can be done as a walk or run, with proceeds
going to rare disease awareness and research.
Calls on the Commission and the Member States to launch a nation- and
Europe-wide awareness-raising campaign on PANDAS syndrome;
 3.
Today, Hornberger looks at the scars on his body with
his partially damaged eyesight, and is determined to raise enough awareness
about the rare disease to help others avoid the suffering he felt.
Raising awareness

Hornberger is convinced that he would not be alive today if it weren't for the
support of his family, his faith and the Stevens-Johnson Syndrome Foundation
that provided him with information about the rare disease.
"We have to raise awareness," he said.
He writes letters to local lawmakers every year, asking them to make
August Stevens-Johnson Syndrome awareness month.
It affects about 1 in 35,000 to 1 in 50,000 people and is one of about 7000 rare
diseases spotlighted by the New Zealand Organisation for Rare Disorders" annual
awareness day.
Ms Petersen said Rare Diseases Day yesterday was about raising awareness of the
many little known and understood conditions people have.
"What"s good about having Rare Diseases Day or any awareness day is people get
to understand that there are so many people out there that have differences."
PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              May 9, 2017 Tuesday

Rare Sjogren's Syndrome stumps Gandhi hospital doctors

BYLINE: Amrita Didyala

SECTION: HYDERABAD

LENGTH: 382 words


HYDERABAD: Nearly 12 percent of the 670 patients checked during an awareness
programme at the state-run Gandhi hospital were found to have symptoms of
Sjogren's Syndrome, a rare disease which was unheard of in the city.
Four patients suffering from the primary type were found during
the awareness drives conducted last month, but what is more alarming is that
most of the patients suffering from the symptoms are often misdiagnosed,
sometimes mistreated and almost always rounded off to psychiatrists.
The prevalence of this syndrome is four in 1 lakh population," said Dr Sirisha
Goud, member Sjogren's Syndrome Foundation and Society of Hospital Medicine,
USA, who was part of the awareness drive at Gandhi hospital.Apart from dryness
of mouth, redness of eyes, a constant sensation of having foreign particles in
the eyes, joint pains (in case of rheumatoid Sjogrens) and extreme fatigue ar
the other symptoms.
The
disease affects the entire immune system and cannot be cured but can be
controlled with medicines, doctors said.Due to lack of awareness, patients
suffering from either type are mostly put on psychiatric medicines say experts.
But a football career is not in the cards for Max.
Max was born at Lions Gate Hospital in North Vancouver six weeks premature, and
spent his first five weeks of life in the neo-natal intensive care unit because
of problems feeding and breathing.
His parents,
in addition to being caregivers, became disease detectives, scouring medical
literature for clues.
"Having a firm diagnosis doesn't make a difference in Max's care.
This is not a big issue for the Jones family because, as a lawyer and a
trademark agent, they are financially comfortable, and Max will soon make the
transition from daycare to kindergarten.
Ms Tischler said the main aim of the week was to raise awareness for Sanfilippo
syndrome and hoped the whole school would know and understand something about it
by the end of the week.
Jack and his mother are now organising a non-uniform day to raise money for The
Grand Appeal at Ashton Park School in Bristol on Monday to thank the doctors and
nurses who have cared for Jack.
"We saw that Monday, February 29, was Rare Disease Day and it seemed like a
great time to support The Grand Appeal while helping raise awareness of such
rare conditions like THE.
Laura Madams, community fundraiser for The Grand Appeal, said: "Every penny that
The Grand Appeal raises helps us to make sure Bristol Children's Hospital can
provide the very best care possible to young patients like Jack.
We are very
proud of the amazing doctors and nurses we have on our doorstep here in Bristol,
who have the knowledge  to care for children with such rare conditions."
Hearts for Hearing to offer Internet therapy

OKLAHOMA CITY - Hearts for Hearing, an Oklahoma City-based nonprofit hearing
care center, is the first center nationwide selected to provide children with
hearing loss speech-language therapy with the new ihear telepractice technology.
Connors State starts scholarship program

MUSKOGEE - Connors State College and the Muskogee Foundation have formed a
scholarship program to provide full tuition, fees and books to students who are
studying a health care degree at Connors State and live within the Muskogee
service area.
The Muskogee Difference
Healthcare Scholarship was created to provide the funding to fill the gap
between financial aid funding and the cost of tuition and fees.
Connors State offers degrees in pre-nursing, pre-med, allied health careers,
nursing, LPN-RN Bridge program, medical lab technician and radiology technician
and has plans to add physical therapy assistant, occupational therapy assistant
and medical record in 2013.
2

LENGTH: 384 words


Rare disease awareness: European-wide information campaigns highlight Rare
Diseases every February.
Caring information: Male carers looking after people with a brain injury are
invited to an information day on February 23rd, 10am-4.30pm in the Mullingar
Park Hotel, Mullingar, Co Westmeath.
More details from Ned Rispin of Brain Injury Ireland on 086 3821033 or
ned@briireland.ie

Lollipop Day: This year s national Lollipop Day to raise awareness of
oesophageal cancer and funding for the Oesophageal Cancer Fund (OCF) will be
held on Friday and Saturday, February 22nd and 23rd.
Sorrell said Howard is good as it gets as a construction professional,
describing him as "a great boss who fights for the rights of others".
He's great to his employees and really cares for the
people.
David Bolt, mayor of Lakeview Heights and former executive at
PrimaryPlus-Vanceburg, said he's worked with Howard on many different projects
and he's as good as it gets, both professionally and out of the office.
"Over the course of my 46-year career I've worked with numerous contractors and
builders," said Bolt.
This
means patients will get specialist care by experts and we can learn more about
the disease and how to prevent the onset of various problems."
The
clinic, which will bring together experts in the syndrome, will offer them the
best possible care and advice.
This
means patients will get specialist care by experts and we can learn more about
the disease and how to prevent the onset of various problems."
The
clinic, which will bring together experts in the syndrome, will offer them the
best possible care and advice.
This
means patients will get specialist care by experts and we can learn more about
the disease and how to prevent the onset of various problems."
The
clinic, which will bring together experts in the syndrome, will offer them the
best possible care and advice.
"On Rare Disease Day, we are breaking isolation and raising awareness.
Few physicians are familiar with
diagnosing and treating these illnesses, which frequently leads to missed,
delayed or inaccurate diagnoses even when an approved, effective therapy is
available.1 Because of this, it is important to educate the medical community
through disease awareness programs and diagnostic initiatives to identify
patients suffering from rare and ultra-rare diseases as early as possible.
"Increasing awareness among physicians and
patients is a vital first step to ensuring our loved ones receive the best
treatment and care."
Like Marlee, people with rare diseases often
have multiple health problems and need care from different services.
WAâ[#x20ac][TM]s new rare diseases strategy â[#x20ac]" a first in the nation
â[#x20ac]" outlines measures to improve the lives of people with rare diseases
in the State by diagnosing more and sooner, so those people can be cared for
better and treated where possible.
â[#x20ac]oeThe complexity of specific health issues can often be inexplicable
and unresolvable.â[#x20ac]

Amanda Samanek, from support group Genetic and Rare Disease Network WA, said the
strategy was an important start to address major concerns of people with rare
diseases and their carers.
â[#x20ac]oeSimply because rare diseases are rare this can mean that there are
greater challenges for people throughout their lives from the difficulties many
people face in obtaining a timely diagnosis, to the burden of high-cost
medicines and high dependency on health, community and disability care,â[#x20ac]
she said.
"Many of these people in
the past have been put into care at centres such as Stockton."
There is no cure and while some people can
complete school and look after themselves, many, like Hannah, will need lifelong
care.
The policy advocates developing materials for
generating awareness in the general public, patients and healthcare providers.
Raising awareness

After the flight, the patients cruised CaNacao Bay aboard a Navy gunboat.
Pamela Roman, mother of Julia, 15, who has Rett Syndrome, a genetic disorder
that afflicts girls, said there was a need to raise awareness of rare diseases.
She bewailed the lack of awareness of rare disorders in the Philippines, even
among doctors.
Magdaraog said the families of patients with rare diseases were pinning their
hopes on the proposed Rare Diseases Act that would expand the government's
universal health-care program to cover patients with rare disorders.
"I am honored to be able to use my gift of music to help raise awareness
for the prevalence of rare and genetic diseases that affect millions of people
worldwide."
I have young children of my own and the "what if it was my child" question
landed hard, and ever since I've tried to support awareness for rare diseases in
any way possible."
Sponsors of the "RARE Tribute to Champions of Hope" Gala and Rare and Genetic
Disease Patient Advocacy Day include: Amicus, Amylin, Alexion, Bayer, BIO,
BioMarin, Burrill & Company, Centric Health Resources, EveryLife Foundation,
Feinstein Keen Healthcare, Genzyme, Goldman Sachs, Hollencrest Capital,
Illumina, Oprhan Europe, PatientsLikeMe, Pfizer, Shire, Sigma Tau, Synageva,
Vertex, and Walgreens.
"There is a lot research going on now in Rett syndrome and that is very good,"
Weber said.
Economic Burden Study To Back Pricing

Alongside clinical trials in Rett syndrome, Newron is conducting a burden of
disease study that includes more than 750 patients and 250 healthcare
professionals.
By Lucie Ellis

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SC


                             Copyright 2017 Informa
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   Bluefield Daily Telegraph (West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 7, 2015 Tuesday

Local woman is working to raise awareness about Devic's syndrome

BYLINE: Blake Stowers, Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va.
SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 347 words


April 07--PRINCETON -- Following five spinal taps, a local woman is working to
raise awareness about a rare disease that others may be battling without knowing
it.
-- Contact Blake Stowers at bstowers@bdtonline.com

___ (c)2015 the Bluefield Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) Visit the Bluefield
Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) at bdtonline.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150407-WF-Local-woman-is-working-to-raise-awareness-about-Devic-s-
syndrome-0407-20150407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WF


                    Copyright 2015 Bluefield Daily Telegraph


                              120 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Wagga Daily Advertiser

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday
                                 Print Edition

Diagnosis forces Norma to lose home

BYLINE: Rochelle Brown

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.
8

LENGTH: 244 words


When Wagga's Norma Judd started suffering spasms in her feet, she was scared out
of her mind.
TYPE: PROFILE; SEAN MERRELL , CODY MERRELL; HURLER-SCHEIE SYNDROME VICTIMS;
ENZYME-REPLACEMENT TREATMENT

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              123 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                       Wilts and Gloucestershire Standard

                             March 20, 2017 Monday

Malmesbury resident with rare disease says research funding must increase to
ensure people are correctly diagnosed

BYLINE: Callum Chaplin

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 472 words


A RESIDENT in Malmesbury is hoping to raise awareness of her rare and
debilitating disease.
Lisa, who currently has four medical consultants, says EDS is complex and often
undetected and undiagnosed due to lack of awareness, both from sufferers and
doctors.
He responded saying he welcomed the government's Strategy for Rare Diseases,
which he says commits to ensuring people living with a rare disease have access
to "the best evidence-based care and treatment".
She also welcomed the Department of Health's response to a petition she signed,
calling for extra funding into EDS research and awareness raising.
40

LENGTH: 569 words


On a good day, Liz Glenister, a former teacher from London, can live her life
relatively normally.
"To take care of the bills and everything
he needs, too, it breaks me every week."
The family has also begun selling rare disease ribbons in partnership with
Global Genes, a patient advocacy group that raises awareness for rare diseases
through the symbol of hope.
Cooper is extremely
limited in his contact with other children and can't attend day care or school
until his condition is treated.
She preferred Springwood Hospital but dreaded being put into hostel care.
Friend Iris Muller said she would like Ms O'Brien to have her own place with
24-hour care.
So let's be fare to people suffering from rare diseases and help spread
awareness to support them.
LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 MMI online Ltd., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                       Wilts and Gloucestershire Standard

                             March 20, 2017 Monday

Malmesbury resident urges government to improve funding for research into rare
diseases

BYLINE: Callum Chaplin

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 472 words


A RESIDENT in Malmesbury is hoping to raise awareness of her rare and
debilitating disease.
Lisa, who currently has four medical consultants, says EDS is complex and often
undetected and undiagnosed due to lack of awareness, both from sufferers and
doctors.
He responded saying he welcomed the government's Strategy for Rare Diseases,
which he says commits to ensuring people living with a rare disease have access
to "the best evidence-based care and treatment".
She also welcomed the Department of Health's response to a petition she signed,
calling for extra funding into EDS research and awareness raising.
;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Corsicana Daily Sun (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

Victoria's journey: Funds established to help woman with rare disease

BYLINE: Deanna Kirk, Corsicana Daily Sun, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


Feb. 18--Victoria Humphries, or Vicki as she's known to family and friends,
became a caregiver when she returned to Corsicana to help her parents when both
were struck with very serious medical issues in 2013.
She is under the care of many
doctors, including a nephrologist and hematologist.
Vicky was the selfless one who came home to take care of her parents.
Drawing on the knowledge, skills and care of the QE, Birmingham Children's
Hospital and the University of Birmingham, the new unit will enable patients
from all over the UK to access treatment in one place.
Making decisions about something as simple as picking a primary school scared
her, as it could determine the difference between a successful future or a hard
future.
Both ACER-002 and ACER-001 received orphan drug designation from the U.S. Food
and Drug Administration (FDA), which is provided to drugs and biologics that are
defined as those intended for the safe and effective treatment, diagnosis or
prevention of rare diseases and disorders that affect fewer than 200,000 people
in the U.S.

About ACER-002 and Vascular Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome (vEDS)

Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome (EDS) is a group of hereditary disorders of connective
tissue.
Ehlers Danlos syndrome is one of 8000 known rare diseases that affect about two
million Australians.World Rare Disease Day, held on February 28, aims to raise
awareness of these diseases and their impact on patients lives.
Ms Sugars hopes with awareness, comes more funding and support.
Ehlers Danlos syndrome is one of 8000 known rare diseases that affect about two
million Australians.World Rare Disease Day, held on February 28, aims to raise
awareness of these diseases and their impact on patients lives.
Ms Sugars hopes with awareness, comes more funding and support.
He's a
bit more ambitious than most, though - his runs don't take him around the block,
but across the country.In February, Coughlan set out from New York City on his
third cross-America run to raise money for rare disease awareness.Well-known
diseases often have marathons and walks organized in their names that draw
thousands of participants each year.
He set out to raise awareness for Batten disease, but as the
journey progressed he realized rare diseases covered a much broader spectrum.
Leach,
who has complex regional pain syndrome, started a support group after his
diagnosis several years ago and has been a strong proponent of CRPS and rare
disease awareness.When he heard of Coughlan's Run 4 Rare, Leach knew he wanted
to help Coughlan do the most possible good with his time in Oklahoma City.
"Noah
has been doing a great job raising awareness and getting attention to rare
diseases,"&nbsp; Leach said.
Dvorak, who has hereditary spastic paraplegia,
said one of the key benefits he hopes will come from Coughlan's awareness
campaign is earlier detection of diseases.
"Coughlan's run will come to an end in July in San Diego, but his mission
to raise awareness will go on.
Ultimately, he'd like to see the diseases become not just rare but extinct.To
learn moreFor more information on Coughlan's journey and how to support it, go
to www.run4rare.org.To learn more about Guy Leach's&nbsp;complex regional pain
syndrome support group, see the&nbsp; CRPS UNITED page on Facebook or email
crpsunited@hotmail.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                              March 3, 2013 Sunday

Helping children with rare disorders;
Society raises funds and holds awareness campaigns to support families with
afflicted kids

BYLINE: Priscilla Kham

SECTION: NEWS; Home

LENGTH: 546 words


For two months, Ms Patricia Ng and her husband did not know what was wrong with
their six-month-old daughter, Chloe, who was having difficulty swallowing her
milk.
The support group raises funds for
hospitals and has held several rare disorders awareness campaigns.
Jointly
organised with Club Rainbow, the event aimed to raise awareness of rare diseases
that afflict children, in order to facilitate early detection.
"It's good to talk to the parents," she said.
It's a good combination.
So far, they've raised $220,000 between overseeing Tony's 24- hour care and
raising two other children: Lia, 6, and Sam, 2.
Uncomfortably numb

Born in Tupelo, Martin spent the bulk of her teaching career in Atlanta before
returning three years ago to teach the Challenge gifted courses at Tupelo Middle
School.
After a spinal tap and the implementation of a pace maker, Martin was
transferred to the Shepherd's Center intensive care unit in Atlanta.
A new disease called Sakati syndrome,
named like many of these illnesses after its discoverer, a Syrian physician, has
one known case study in the entire world - a young boy in the Middle East, says
Mary Dunkle, vice president of communications for the National Organization for
Rare Disorders, a nonprofit organization established in 1983 to help boost
awareness and research funding for these disorders.
Kelly du Plessis, founder of the Rare Diseases Society, enlisted Oscar for his
dancing skills to help raise awareness of the NGO's work.
It also makes challenging but useful reading for all those who care
for people with rare conditions - and, indeed, for all those who complain of
dizziness, which is quite common in GP surgeries as well as ENT clinics.
ETHAN BARKER, 6, DRAVET'S SYNDROME

For Emily Barker, the challenge is keeping six-year-old son Ethan safe, healthy
and occupied.
At the moment, it's about keeping him happy and
safe.
In the meantime, she hopes
her own story will help raise awareness of rare diseases and the obstacles faced
by those who deal with them.
It is her hope that raising awareness about the not-so-rare instances
of rare diseases will lead to the creation of a database or resources that could
be accessed by those seeking answers.
They need support and that's what
the walk is about - support and awareness."
For more information on the Rare Disease Day Walk or how you can get involved in
raising awareness, email meags@mollysvoice.org or phone 0419 545 521.
"It's a good day for her," mother Nicole Richey said as she wiped tears from her
face.
"It's a very good day, especially when we see her smile."
They
carried her to a local urgent care, but Phoenix tested negative for strep
throat.
""Eoin has such a good attitude about it all.
LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DERR


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                   Lynn News

                            September 4, 2015 Friday

North Lynn mum raises awareness of rare disease

LENGTH: 343  words


A North Lynn mother is hoping to raise awareness of the rare disease which
affects her six-year-old daughter.
They
get help throughout the week from visiting nurses and a nurse stays awake each
night to care for Josiah's special respiratory needs while the family gets its
sleep.
If definitely takes
both of us together to take care of the three of them."
"The last thing I want to be doing is scaremongering.
As for those with less access to sophisticated medical care or with fewer
financial resources, Kaycee shuddered to consider their fate: "I wouldn't want
to find out what happens to them," she said.
As for those with less access to sophisticated medical care or with fewer
financial resources, Kaycee shuddered to consider their fate: "I wouldn't want
to find out what happens to them," she said.
If the government comes up with a care
centre, poor patients will not be so badly burdened."
"Due to low awareness, people with the condition don't also get brides and
grooms," he said.
If the government comes up with a care
centre, poor patients will not be so badly burdened."
"Due to low awareness, people with the condition don't also get brides and
grooms," he said.
LUSTRO will evaluate
subjects prior to potential enrollment in VALENS, the planned Phase 1/2 clinical
study to evaluate the safety and preliminary efficacy of AT342, the Audentes
product candidate being developed to treat Crigler-Najjar Syndrome.
"LUSTRO is designed to further our understanding of the baseline
characteristics of patients living with Crigler-Najjar Syndrome, and the burden
of disease as experienced by patients, families and caregivers.
LUSTRO will also assess the
burden of disease on Crigler-Najjar patients and caregivers.
LUSTRO will evaluate
subjects prior to potential enrollment in VALENS, the planned Phase 1 / 2
clinical study to evaluate the safety and preliminary efficacy of AT342, the
Audentes product candidate being developed to treat Crigler-Najjar Syndrome.
"LUSTRO is designed to further our understanding of the baseline
characteristics of patients living with Crigler-Najjar Syndrome, and the burden
of disease as experienced by patients, families and caregivers.
LUSTRO will also assess the
burden of disease on Crigler-Najjar patients and caregivers.
Auspex is
currently evaluating the preliminary efficacy, pharmacokinetic and safety
profile of SD-809 in a Phase 1b clinical trial for the treatment of tics
associated with Tourette syndrome.
Source: Auspex Pharmaceuticals, Inc.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Hereford Times

                             April 13, 2014 Sunday

Mother takes giant leap to raise awareness of rare disease

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 303 words


A MOTHER is hoping her fund-raising exploits will raise awareness about a rare
disease that has affected her family.
Ms Tischler said the main aim of the week was to raise awareness for Sanfilippo
syndrome and hoped the whole school would know and understand something about it
by the end of the week.
nicole.cairns@fairfaxmedia.com.au

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                           February 27, 2014 Thursday

Rare opportunity Groups' chance to raise awareness

BYLINE: Kelsey Fletcher

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg.
New Zealand Organisation for Rare Disorders (NZORD) executive director John
Forman said Rare Disease Day was a chance for individuals and small groups to
raise awareness and raise funds for their chosen condition.
"The key reason for community awareness is the relative neglect of rare
diseases.
For all of the pressures and demands on the health systems, it is
good, but some things are dealt with better than others."
"The international theme
for this year is 'Let's join together for better care', emphasising the need for
collaboration to get the best outcomes."
But now his determined parents Tony and Mary are hoping to see their children's
legacy live on through the establishment of a care centre for children affected
by rare disease and genetic conditions.
"But we will look after him and hopefully get as much care for him as we can so
hopefully he will see this lovely project come together."
The much-needed facility aims to provide full respite care services in
custom-built family units.
These will be used to care for children with rare diseases while giving parents
and siblings the chance to get some rest.
More than 50 per cent of kids with rare disease are highly
dependent and many rely on roundthe-clock care.
Specialists from around Australia now plan to campaign to "get rare diseases on
the map, to make sure there is equitable access to services", for those whose
disorder does not trigger a well-established package of care.
John Baldacci
will join other states in designating Feb. 28 as Rare Disease Day to spread
awareness and provide information and hope.
"Novartis is committed to paving the way forward for
rare diseases especially through treatments like Ilaris which has the potential
to raise the standard of care."
After Ruth Page died, Isabel vowed to raise awareness of the disease, and will
be running the Bath Half Marathon next month.
Isabel, 19, from Oldfield Park, met Ruth through a youth group when she was 14,
and they soon became good friends.
She would have good and bad
days.
Isabel is
in training to run 13.1 miles to raise money and awareness for the Behcet's
Syndrome Society.
"I have done a bit of running, and thought it would be a good way to raise money
to help others with the disease.
"Ruth always used to say how hardly anyone knew
what Behcet's is, and so this is a good opportunity to raise awareness of the
disease."
Despite being the second most common genetic cause of congenital heart disease
after Down syndrome, 22q11.2 deletion syndrome was identified only in the early
1990s and this has led to a lack of awareness among the public and healthcare
professionals, says Kieran Murphy, professor of psychiatry at the Royal College
of Surgeons in Ireland, who is an expert in the syndrome.
But she worries that, despite the greater awareness, underdiagnosis is still a
real problem.
"There is certainly a lack of awareness of 22q11.2 deletion among health
professionals, and we need to focus much more on education about the condition."
The diagnosis allows
them, and the healthcare professional, to understand the reason the child is
presenting with all these problems.
It is also
envisaged that families will be able to receive training in the extra skills
required to care for highly dependent children, while siblings will enjoy
quality time during prearranged family outings and activities.
Education efforts could be
particularly beneficial to health care workers, educators or other groups that
are more likely to regularly encounter someone with facial paralysis, Bogart
said.
"We found that awareness and education efforts are effective in reducing stigma
related to rare disabilities such as facial paralysis," Bogart said.
Bogart is now developing educational materials about Moebius Syndrome targeted
to educators and health care providers.
She and the students in her lab also are
conducting an awareness campaign in conjunction with Moebius Syndrome Awareness
Day, which is held annually on Jan. 24.
The awareness campaign is a pilot project.
Bogart and her students are
encouraging people to take a self-portrait with a sign describing how they
express themselves, then sharing the photos on social media sites using the
hashtag #moebiusawareness.
"I don't know what changed their decision and I don't
care.
"Studies of Guillain Barre
Syndrome show that up to 35% of patients can have long-term neurological
complications despite best care and it is critical to expand the range of
treatment options available to these patients."
LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Torquay Herald Express

                              May 8, 2014 Thursday

Fun day to help raise awareness of rare disease

SECTION: NEWS:CHARITY; Pg.
36

LENGTH: 180  words


A PAIGNTON mum is planning a fundraiser to help raise awareness of her son's
rare illness.
Teresa Newell will be hosting a charity coffee morning at Preston Baptist Church
on Saturday to help raise funds and awareness of MPS.
This is
why awareness is so crucial."
Having a son who requires 24-hour care has made life difficult, she admits, but
ultimately incredibly rewarding as her son continues to surpass doctors
expectations.
She explained: "It can be really hard work being an unpaid carer for Lucas and
Callum, but I want to get the word out about some of the issues families in our
area face and how more needs to be done to support people with disabilities."
Doctors initially thought he had developed an infection due to severe eczema and
allergies, and started him on an intensive skin care regime.
Then Donovan started vomiting, and did so for a month despite medication and
constant care.
After several weeks at the National University Hospital Paediatric intensive
care unit, doctors managed to bring his sodium levels down, but he remained
small and very thin.
It was during his hospital stint that he came under the care of Dr Soh Jian Yi,
a consultant at the NUH Division of Paediatric Allergy, Immunology and
Rheumatology, and a key member of the medical army who would eventually save his
life.
Noted Dr Tan Poh Lin, a senior consultant with the hospital's Division of
Paediatric Haematology and Oncology: "Without a transplant, it would have just
been supportive care till death, which would be any time, such as when the most
severe infection struck."
February 28 is the fourth annual day dedicated to raising awareness of diseases
like Cockayne Syndrome.
Mackenzie needs
medication which can cost more than $17,000 a week, but it is not covered under
health care.
Ottawa Citizen, Calgary Herald

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: LORRAINE HJALTE, CANWEST NEWS SERVICE; Mackenzie Olsen, with
parents Raymond Amato and Mary Ann Olsen, needs costly medication that is not
covered under health care.
"All the teachers there knew about her disease and tried to keep her safe.
She cares for a 6-year-old boy at church on a regular basis.
"All the teachers there knew about her disease and tried to keep her safe.
She cares for a 6-year-old boy at church on a regular basis."
"All the teachers there knew about her disease and tried to keep her safe.
She cares for a 6-year-old boy at church on a regular basis."
Volunteers from the Behçet's Syndrome Society visited the Birmingham and Midland
Eye Centre, based at City Hospital site, in Winson Green, Birmingham, to raise
awareness of the painful condition.
Making decisions about something as simple as picking a primary school scared
her, as it could determine the difference between a successful future or a hard
future.
The new clinic would help primary-care health providers get information and
guidelines on signs and symptoms, receive feedback from experts on treatment
options, and expedite referrals to specialists.
"The new initiatives our government is pursuing will help people living with
Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome and other rare diseases access the supports they need so
they can receive the highest quality of care close to home," Hoskins said in a
Toronto Star story.
Dr. James Rutka, co-chair of the Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome Expert Panel, said "the
establishment of the joint adult and pediatric EDS clinic is a big step forward
in providing multi-disciplinary care and treatment for EDS patients in Ontario."
The study will attempt to enroll a fourth cohort of patients in an
observational arm that would receive a current standard of care with parenteral
support and will be considered a safety control group.
All subjects will be screened prior to the start of treatment to establish
baseline characteristics including safety, eligibility and nutritional support
parameters.
If a treatment would help a person they should clearly receive it and it is
highly unethical to withdraw a treatment someone has been receiving.
An issue for rare conditions is that sometimes the specialist healthcare
professionals have not been able to give evidence to Nice because there are so
few of them.
Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              208 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                           November 10, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

FOCUS ON THE BRIGHT SIDE OF LIFE WITH ISAAC;
Lottery help for mum of boy who can't smile to raise awareness of rare diseases

BYLINE: STEVE BAGNALL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.
The organisation receives £5,000 to raise awareness of rare diseases and
syndromes by developing high-quality profiles and case studies of members and
their families who live with rare conditions.
She will be impossible to
care for and she will probably die in infancy," Christie remembers the doctor
saying.
The social worker assured Christie her daughter would be well cared for and that
she could get on with her life.
The same is true for many support groups in Australia, which are realising their
potential to lobby to improve awareness and increase funding for unknown
diseases.
"Some information is out of date, and some is very misleading, so
everyone needs to be careful of what they read on the net."
A national advisory
group aims to help health-care providers by assuring a cash flow to support rare
and expensive treatments.
Whether taxpayers should finance such drugs is a particularly troubling ethical
issue.
As for those with less access to sophisticated medical care or with fewer
financial resources, Kaycee shuddered to consider their fate: "I wouldn't want
to find out what happens to them," she said.
Her parents Les, 57, and Michelle, 38, who is Matilda's full-time carer, know of
only one other sufferer - in Canada.
Les, who is also a carer for his nephew, said: "We'd been warned not to look on
the internet, but we did.
It would help them to "navigate the healthcare system" and find the answers,
information and medical developments they have been searching for all of
Matilda's life.
"The goal of the trial is to identify a safe and effective dose to treat Proteus
syndrome patients soon after diagnosis.
It is hoped the drug, if shown to be
safe and effective and approved by the FDA to treat Proteus syndrome in the
future, could potentially be administered over many years in order to mitigate
the abnormal cell signaling initiated by the point mutation."
-
poliswap@dispatch.co.za

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Daily Dispatch


                    Copyright 2012 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               Eastbourne Herald

                             August 4, 2017 Friday

Chance to help Polegate woman with rare disease win a bathroom makeover

LENGTH: 303  words


A woman from Polegate who suffers from a rare syndrome is in the running to win
a bathroom transformation that could help make her bathroom safe to use.
"Chloride is very carefully controlled by the kidney, and if you don't have
enough chloride in your body, then other electrolyte disturbances can start to
develop," he said.
Macpherson - whose sons are Flynn, 11 and Cy, 6 - said there was not enough
awareness of SMILE and not enough government support.
11

LENGTH: 412 words


A MUM-OF-FIVE is hoping to raise awareness of the rare disease her daughter is
suffering from by holding a four-day conference in Birmingham.
And it prompted DeCesaris to bicycle across
the country to raise money and spread awareness of his niece's syndrome.
"It's pretty important to raise awareness."
Jenna suffers from a rare condition called
Sturge-Weber syndrome and DeCesaris bicycled across the county to raise
awareness for those afflicted with it.
Jenna suffers from a rare condition called
Sturge-Weber syndrome and DeCesaris bicycled across the county to raise
awareness for those afflicted with it.
Once the condition was identified Juliet was transferred to the High Dependency
Unit at Queen Elizabeth Hospital, and as her state got worse, to critical care
in the Neurosciences Department.
As for those with less access to sophisticated medical care or with fewer
financial resources, Kaycee shuddered to consider their fate: "I wouldn't want
to find out what happens to them," she said.
The event at Parliament House was to raise awareness and support of rare
diseases in the lead up to International Rare Disease Day, on Monday 29
February.
People suffering from rare diseases, often endure harsh
treatments due to insufficient resources, which is why public awareness and
support is important.
The online charity campaign was created to raise
awareness and financial funding for ALS, which stands for Amyotrophic Lateral
Sclerosis, a rare condition, which assaults ones neurons and eventually leads to
paralysis.
It all starts with awareness, then funding and research.
By doing your part in
raising awareness for these orphan diseases, you are changing someone elses
life.
However, Mr. Nadeau said, ''even
Pfizer's marketing prowess is unlikely to relieve'' safety concerns some doctors
have about the Protalix drug.
Clare hopes telling her story will help improve awareness among GPs,
hospital doctors and parents.
TURNER SYNDROME CAUSES Short stature - sufferers are always under between 4ft
3in and 4ft 9in high Hearing problems Difficulties in concentration and spatial
awareness Infertility - All women with Turner syndrome either have no ovaries or
ovaries that do not function High blood pressure

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  HEARTBREAK: Clare Clements, who suffers from Turner Syndrome, is
supporting Rare Disease Awareness Day.
Miss Nielsen has raised almost $1000 for the Cloves Syndrome Foundation through
support from local businesses and by selling awareness bracelets.
Rare Disease Day is a global initiative taking place tomorrow that aims to raise
awareness of rare diseases and the impact they can have on sufferers and their
families.
LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BUL


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      February 3, 2012 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Lundbeck: Raise Your Hand to Support People with Rare Diseases

LENGTH: 1358  words


New Delhi, Feb. 3 -- Today, Lundbeck announced its third annual Raise Your Hand
to Fight Rare Diseases campaign in support of Rare Disease Day, a worldwide
observance on February 29 to increase awareness of rare diseases.
"Our continued partnership with NORD reflects our overall
efforts to push forward research and innovation that can have a positive impact
on patients, families and caregivers."
The purpose of the day is to raise awareness of rare
diseases as a public health issue and bring together patients and families with
rare diseases to discuss the need for greater awareness, more research, and
better access to diagnosis and treatment.1 Rare Disease Day was first launched
in 2008 in Europe by the European Rare Disease Organization, EURORDIS, a sister
organization to NORD.
Do not drink
alcohol or take other drugs that may make you sleepy or dizzy while taking ONFI
without first talking to your healthcare provider as your sleepiness or
dizziness may get much worse.
Do not suddenly stop taking ONFI without
first talking to a healthcare provider.
Talk to your healthcare provider about the differences.
Call your healthcare provider
right away if you have any symptoms, especially sudden changes in mood,
behaviors, thoughts, or feelings, and especially if they are new, worse, or
worry you.
* Tell your healthcare provider about all of your medical conditions including
liver or kidney problems, lung problems (respiratory disease), depression, mood
problems, or suicidal thoughts or behavior.
You and your healthcare provider will have to decide if you should take
ONFI while you are pregnant.
You and your healthcare provider should decide
if you should take ONFI or breast feed.
* Tell your healthcare provider about all the medicines you take including
prescription and nonprescription medicines, vitamins and herbal supplements as
taking ONFI with certain other medicines can cause side effects or affect how
well they work.
Talk
to your healthcare provider about the best method to use.
On August 3 Troy will be the under card in a headline fight at the Fortitude
Boxing Gymnasium against three different weight classed boxers in six
heart-pumping rounds, and is hoping to raise at least $5000 for the Foundation
for Angelman Syndrome Therapeutics (FAST) and help raise awareness of the rare
disease.
"There will also be some other fights on the night with some great boxers so it
will be a good night of great fights.
"I am fighting against a notorious fighter so it's going to be very tough for me
but it's all about raising funds and awareness."
"It's not that I feel invincible but we're not fearful when it's time to say
goodbye."
eveyap@sph.com.sg

If you are taking care of a child with special needs and would like to share
your experience, write to suntimes@sph.com.sg

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Herald Express (Torquay)

                             March 6, 2014 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Choir sings out to help fight rare disease

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.
Tickets are available from Catherine Lewis on 01803 613117 or email
Catherine.lewis@alstrom.org.uk

For more information about AlstrÃ¶m Syndrome visit the website
www.alstrom.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            April 20, 2013 Saturday

Room makeover helps bring transformation in boy, 4

BYLINE: Cindy Holifield & Sandy Strickland

SECTION: good news; Pg.
Here's more good news:

- The Cathedral Basilica in St. Augustine recently received a $100,000 check
toward its $300,000 multiphase renovation project.
Have good news?
Send items to goodnews@jacksonville.com You can fax them to
(904) 359-4478 or mail them to The Florida Times-Union, P.O.
Taylor on the other hand, "has been doing really good, but I feel really sore.
The disease renders her unable to walk, talk and
care for herself.
Karla provides full-time care for Vanessa.
Importantly, there is no cure for MPS III and treatments are
largely supportive care.
In addition, safety studies
conducted in animal models of Sanfilippo syndromes have demonstrated that
delivery of AB0-101 are well tolerated with minimal side effects.
"To see her happy, being herself, laughing, joking -- that just makes us feel
good about it," George Kallas said.
Winders was diagnosed with Guillain-Barre Syndrome in May
2010, and wanted to support the first event in Atlanta that brought awareness
for the rare disease.
The 5K was the brainchild of Kimby Wragg, 15, who wanted to raise money and
awareness for the disease that has affected her young step-cousin.
"Kimby has helped us expand people's awareness of the challenges associated with
these very difficult disorders," said Nelson.
In other news: SMITE Challenge for Charity raised $12,000 for Children's
Healthcare of Atlanta.
More info

To learn more about GBS/CIDP Foundation International, go to www.gbs-cidp.org

Who's doing good?
Each Tuesday, we write about the prior week's charity events such as fun-runs,
volunteer projects and other community gatherings that benefit a good cause.
To
suggest an event for us to cover, contact Devika Rao at doing.goodAJC@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2013 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              255 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 17, 2014 Monday

Washington: FDA approves Vimizim to treat rare congenital enzyme disorder

LENGTH: 427  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Food and Drug Administration, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration today approved Vimizim (elosulfase alfa),
the first FDA-approved treatment for Mucopolysaccharidosis Type IVA (Morquio A
syndrome).
The safety and effectiveness of Vimizim were established in a clinical trial
involving 176 participants with Morquio A syndrome, ranging in age from 5 to 57
years.
The safety and effectiveness of Vimizim have not been established in
pediatric patients less than 5 years of age.
In addition to enzyme
replacement therapy, supportive care is critical if patients with Pompe's
disease are to maximize their abilities and quality of life.
To increase awareness of this rare disease, May has been declared GBS Awareness
Month.
"It will be good to be able to talk to other people who have it, and know that
you are not alone."
Sarah Borrows, Clinical Nurse Specialist Renal Genetics, who cares for patients
with LMBSS at QEHB says: "Due to the complex nature of many rare diseases
patients need to attend multiple clinics for the different aspects of the
condition.
"It has been reported that this often leads to a general lack of awareness, and
lack of experience, amongst healthcare professionals when caring for patient
with rare diseases.
"This, in turn can lead to inequitable access to co-ordinated quality care,
resulting in patients feeling isolated and frustrated with the healthcare
system.
LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Herald Express (Torquay)

                           February 23, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Raising awareness of one of rarest diseases in world

BYLINE: COLLEEN SMITH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.
Alström is one of the rarest diseases in the world - and the charity has long
been fighting for greater awareness to improve diagnosis, particularly early
diagnosis, among GPs.
Kay said:"We have been building our links with GPs for some time and promoting
our medical handbook, but 'This opportunity to reach GPs through their own
newsletter is fantastic in terms of spreading awareness'

"Not surprisingly, with Alström being so rare, many GPs have been completely
unaware of it - as a result, we know of people who have gone undiagnosed for
years."
In particular, Kay is one of a small European team spearheading a widespread
programme to develop support, information and research aimed at improving
diagnostics, care, knowledge and treatment.
For more information, contact Kay Parkinson on 01803 524238 or email kay.par
kinson@alstrom.org.uk

'This opportunity to reach GPs through their own newsletter is fantastic in
terms of spreading awareness'

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HET


                         Copyright 2012 Herald Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

HEART-IPS: Congenital heart disease-associated arrhythmia: deciphering Hamamy
syndrome, novel rare disease, using iPS cells

LENGTH: 400  words


EU contribution: EUR 202 405
Objective: In the growing population of patients with congenital heart defects
(CHD), while arrhythmias are not a major issue for children, they are a leading
complication during adulthood.
As such, it represents a
promising model to study disease mechanisms, optimize patient care (personalized
medicine), and aid in the development of new therapies.
"At first it was a relief to find out what he had, but then I just got scared,"
said his mom, Holley Edson.
Pin money

Vicki had just begun to do modelling, not planning on it as a career, her mother
said, "but just to pick up a little extra pin money."
The relatives and parents of Sunil thanked the doctor couple
for their financial support and guidance and said that his mother was on the
verge of dying and as they were not in a position to collect the sum required
for the treatment of their son, they termed the help of Rs 3 lakh as no less
than God sent.Sunil Sanon was also critical of the government machinery towards
the patient needing immediate operative care, and said that the procedure for
receiving funds from the 'Vyadhi Nidhi Kosh' was so cumbersome that by the time
the paper work was completed, the patient would have died.
Education efforts could be
particularly beneficial to health care workers, educators or other groups that
are more likely to regularly encounter someone with facial paralysis, Bogart
said.
"We found that awareness and education efforts are effective in reducing stigma
related to rare disabilities such as facial paralysis," Bogart said.
Bogart is now developing educational materials about Moebius Syndrome targeted
to educators and health care providers.
She and the students in her lab also are
conducting an awareness campaign in conjunction with Moebius Syndrome Awareness
Day, which is held annually on Jan. 24.
The awareness campaign is a pilot project.
Bogart and her students are
encouraging people to take a self-portrait with a sign describing how they
express themselves, then sharing the photos on social media sites using the
hashtag #moebiusawareness.
Education efforts could be
particularly beneficial to health care workers, educators or other groups that
are more likely to regularly encounter someone with facial paralysis, Bogart
said.
"We found that awareness and education efforts are effective in reducing stigma
related to rare disabilities such as facial paralysis," Bogart said.
Bogart is now developing educational materials about Moebius Syndrome targeted
to educators and health care providers.
She and the students in her lab also are
conducting an awareness campaign in conjunction with Moebius Syndrome Awareness
Day, which is held annually on Jan. 24.
The awareness campaign is a pilot project.
Bogart and her students are
encouraging people to take a self-portrait with a sign describing how they
express themselves, then sharing the photos on social media sites using the
hashtag #moebiusawareness.
"We try to have the best health care we can ... this will help people in need."
"It really offers some hope to the few individuals in the province who have
these extremely rare diseases and, up to this point, have not had the same
access to care as other provinces in the country."
We try to have the best health care we can ... this
will help people in need."
"It really offers some hope to the few individuals in the province who have
these extremely rare diseases and, up to this point, have not had the same
access to care as other provinces in the country."
We try to have the best health care we can ... this
will help people in need."
"It really offers some hope to the few individuals in the province who have
these extremely rare diseases and, up to this point, have not had the same
access to care as other provinces in the country."
Batten Disease is found in about four of every 100,000 births, which means
Kiaana has also had to struggle with being isolated by a condition no one has
heard of, while Alicia is faced, not only with the reality of caring for a
terminally ill child, but the pressure of trying to raise awareness and funds to
find a cure.
Her
foundation aims to enable access to emerging treatments and trials, improve the
diagnosis pathway, raise awareness and improve the quality of life for children
with the syndrome.
Struggling to find a reason for Tayla's diagnosis, Jackie turned to writing,
pouring her fears on to the page, and read everything she could in an effort to
learn and raise awareness, to help others going through the same thing.
Rare Voices Australia was formed in early 2012 as Australia's National Rare
Disease Alliance to promote health policy and a healthcare system that works for
those with rare diseases.
It is pushing for a National Rare Disease Plan, to
provide clear national guidance on rare disease management and research, a
co-ordinated response that can be delivered within existing resources, while
helping promote research and diagnosis, treatment and care.
Patients with rare diseases account for a
disproportionately high cost to the healthcare system in comparison to other
patients.
Doctors and clinicians are in a tough spot as they can't meet their needs
ethically and physically.
International Rare Disease Day is on February 28 and this year will mark the 7th
event with more than 70 million rare disease patients globally raising awareness
on this day.
She was a teacher's aide at Marzolf Primary,
shuttled her children to and from after-school activities and cared for their
special needs.
To say thank-you to the doctors and nurses who have cared for him over the
years, Jack and Jaime are organising a non-uniform day to raise money for The
Grand Appeal.
"We saw that Monday  February 29 was Rare Disease Day and it seemed like a great
time to support the Grand Appeal, while helping raise awareness of such rare
conditions like THE.
Grand Appeal community fundraiser Laura Madams said: "Every penny that the Grand
Appeal raises helps us to make sure Bristol Children's Hospital can provide the
very best care possible to young patients like Jack.
We are very proud of the
amazing doctors and nurses we have on our doorstep here in Bristol, who have the
knowledge and expertise to care for children with such rare conditions.
The main objective of the event  is to raise awareness amongst the  public and
decision-makers about rare diseases and their impact on patients' lives.
LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Worthing Herald

                              March 4, 2016 Friday

Worthing teenager's family fight for awareness of rare disease

LENGTH: 676  words


The family of a teenager with an exceptionally rare disease are raising
awareness in a bid to find a cure.
At the moment only her
dad and I are trained in the care of this and it obviously isn't cool to be out
with parents all the time."
"Raising awareness of such a rare syndrome among the public and especially among
the medical profession is very important to us.
Kevin and Julia Plummer want a national register
of experts in rare diseases to be created,  so that sufferers can get the care,
advice and the treatment that they need.
The US Orphan Drug Act is intended to assist and encourage companies to develop
safe and effective therapies for the treatment of rare diseases and disorders.
ProQR's growing ophthalmology portfolio includes:

* QR-110 for Leber's congenital amaurosis Type 10 (LCA 10) due to the p.Cys998X
mutation, which received IND and CTA clearance and is in clinical development
(PQ-110-001 Phase 1/2 safety and efficacy study).
It helped raise awareness and money for research, Taci Belisle said.
Her parents Les, 57, and Michelle, 38, who is Matilda's full-time carer, know of
only one other sufferer - in Canada.
Les, who is also a carer for his nephew, said: "We'd been warned not to look on
the internet, but we did.
It would help them to "navigate the healthcare system" and find the answers,
information and medical developments they have been searching for all of
Matilda's life.
His
major research interests include patients with short bowel syndrome and
intestinal failure with a recent focus on novel therapies for their management,
rehabilitation and care.
Licensed from Amunix Operating Inc., NB 1001 uses Amunix's
proprietary "XTEN" technology to extend the half-life of the GLP-1 peptide and
allows for up to once-per-month dosing, thus considerably increasing convenience
for patients and caregivers.
Because of lower overall exposure and dose required
(as a replacement therapy) NB 1001 will have an increased safety window compared
to other GLP-1 agonists, important as SBS patients are a very fragile
population.
Naia Appoints Three World-Class Business and Healthcare Thought Leaders to Its
Business Advisory Board

   Mar 30, 2015

   Naia Limited, an international drug development company with an initial
portfolio of innovative, clinical stage compounds for short bowel syndrome, NASH
and Type 2 diabetes, announced three additions to its business advisory
board.The new members are Edmund Pezalla, M.D., MPH, vice president and national
medical director for pharmaceutical policy and strategy at Aetna, Hoyoung Huh,
M.D., Ph.D., chairman of the board of directors of Geron Corporation and Cytomx
Therapeutics, Inc., and Lord Edward (Tim) Razzall, Commander of the Order of the
British Empire (CBE), partner at RT Associates, and leading member of the
Liberal-Democratic Party (U.K.).The three new business advisory board members
have joined existing members, Jorge Puente, M.D., chairman of Naia's business
advisory board, co-founder and managing partner at Pleasanton Pharma Ventures,
and prior regional president, Asia Pacific and Canada, of Pfizer's Oncology
Business Unit, and Robert Williamson, CEO of PharmAkea and prior board member of
Pharmasset.
With their guidance and individual perspectives on
global healthcare challenges and opportunities, Naia will accelerate the
development of its innovative portfolio.
Dr. Pezalla is a national and
international public policy, public affairs and healthcare innovations leader
with a unique understanding and perspective of patient, payer, health system
provider and government needs.
Dr. Huh is a distinguished
thought leader in the healthcare industry with extensive experience in
international markets and inter-country business transactions.
He is currently a partner at RT Associates, a
business advisory firm for growth companies in a variety of industries including
healthcare.
Lord
Razzall has had a long political career in the U.K.
Earlier in his career, he served as partner and
chief executive at Frere Cholmeley Bischcoff.
Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee.
Unfortunately in Pakistan, due
to lack of awareness in our population, much population based data is not
available.
Dow University of Health Sciences (DUHS) in collaboration with Department of
Pediatric, Civil Hospital Karachi (CHK) and Pakistan Pediatric Association (PPA)
is organizing a 2-days National Conference on Rare Diseases Day to give
awareness about Genetic, Metabolic and Chromosomal disorders amongst the doctors
and general practitioners.
This Conference will provide a platform to doctors and health care
providers to update their knowledge on these diseases.
What's good about a support group on the
Internet is you get to share your frustration with people who know exactly what
you're talking about, and you can do it at any time, 24 hours a day."
Then she nearly died';
Poor awareness of rare diseases is risking lives, according to the ChiefMedical
Officer's annual report, Sam Lister writes

BYLINE: Sam Lister

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.
Katy discovered during the trip, in the summer of 2005, that she was one of more
than three million Britons who suffer from some kind of rare disease -
conditions that, too often, are not identified until the patient is in critical
care or even dead.
In his annual report Sir Liam Donaldson, the Chief Medical Officer, will warn
today of the alarming lack of awareness and effective services for rare
diseases.
"This is about
patchy and fragmented services, poor co-ordination and lack of clinical
awareness about the diagnosis.
For Katy, now 14, the lack of awareness of MCADD- medium chain acyl CoA
dehydrogenase deficiency, but known as "em-cad"-proved almost fatal.
"It was the anxiety of trying to piece together how this might relate to any of
the problems she had suffered in the past," says her mother, Cora Durkan, who is
an intensive-care administrator.
Neither she nor her mother would return home to Haywards Heath, West
Sussex-where there was to be further comprehensive hospital care - for another
two months.
It was more easy to be moody than
scared."
"They were not even making it into intensive care.
She said that for rare diseases where early identification can prevent
irreversible damage, screening is vital, but future advances in testing needed
to be weighed carefully.
The event is a fund-raiser and also designed to raise awareness.
The event is a fund-raiser and also designed to raise awareness.
"Bring that knowledge back to Ontario so families like ours do not have to
become financially ruined for the health care we have paid dearly for," he said.
The boys use wheelchairs and are unable
to care for themselves.
Michelle Lucas said the boys need constant care.
Because of the unpredictability of their disorder, Michelle and David are
uncomfortable letting others care for their sons.
Isaac turned two in September and didn't attend pre-school in favour of staying
home with father, Charlie, so that Rheanne could work -saving vital money on the
large expense of childcare.
Isaac turned two in September and didn't attend pre-school in favour of staying
home with father, Charlie, so that Rheanne could work -saving vital money on the
large expense of childcare.
\xB6 But a prominent
dermatologist decided to be safe and ordered a biopsy.\xB6 "Sit down.
Jaiden had been neglected, his 18 year old mother was in jail, and his
grandmother didn't think she could take care of him.
"He's a good kid."
Above, Jaiden, 10, says a dinner prayer with his parents, "God is good, God is
great and we thank him for this food.
His bat and baggy green hung up for good, Waugh's latest challenge is to run in
The Sun-Herald City2Surf, presented by Westpac, accompanied by fellow Team Waugh
members who are fund-raising for children with rare diseases.
"We had a small [foundation] team of 30 or 40 and it made me think 'this
has the potential to get bigger' - to raise awareness of the Steve Waugh
Foundation, raise money for children with rare diseases and have a great day
out."
"However, I
realized that in order to advocate for my care, it was a necessary step, and I
was finding it interesting!"
"The idea of walking into a government office makes me so nervous, but so does
a future without proper health care for the conditions I face daily," Sharon
wrote.
Rare disease has changed my life in many ways, but the most unexpected recent
change has been my interest in laws and political issues regarding health care
and treatment options.
However, I realized that in order to advocate for my care, it was a necessary
step, and I was finding it interesting!
I've traveled to five states seeking care.
I've been at a personal stand-still regarding my care for well over a year.
6,  that is critical
for the improvement of care for Americans as a whole, but namely for rare
disease patients who are desperately in need of this.
The idea of walking into a government office makes me so nervous, but so does a
future without proper health care for the conditions I face daily.
"However, I
realized that in order to advocate for my care, it was a necessary step, and I
was finding it interesting!"
"The idea of walking into a government office makes me so nervous, but so does
a future without proper health care for the conditions I face daily," Sharon
wrote.
Rare disease has changed my life in many ways, but the most unexpected recent
change has been my interest in laws and political issues regarding health care
and treatment options.
However, I realized that in order to advocate for my care, it was a necessary
step, and I was finding it interesting!
I've traveled to five states seeking care.
I've been at a personal stand-still regarding my care for well over a year.
6,  that is critical
for the improvement of care for Americans as a whole, but namely for rare
disease patients who are desperately in need of this.
The idea of walking into a government office makes me so nervous, but so does a
future without proper health care for the conditions I face daily.
Earlier this week
Andy wrote that Matt was doing better "but he is still in intensive care and
needs your prayers.
He has been diagnosed with Lemierre's syndrome; this is very
rare, but he is in good hands at the hospital."
While
patients usually respond well to early antibiotics, the problem is that many
patients don't seek care soon enough.
Caption:

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)


                              311 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                       May 14, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Rare Disease Communications: Disease Awareness Initiative Launched for Familial
Chylomicronemia Syndrome

LENGTH: 589  words


May 14 -- Rare Disease Communications (publisher of Rare Disease Report) has
launched a disease awareness initiative to educate U.S. physicians about a rare
condition called Familial Chylomicronemia Syndrome (FCS).
The Web site, http://fcs.raredr.com/, is designed to increase FCS awareness
among healthcare professionals (HCPs), to educate them on the early signs and
symptoms of FCS, and to stress the importance of patients adhering to a strict
low-fat diet.
"We are delighted to announce the launch of the FCS Disease Awareness
Initiative," said Peter Ciszewski, President of Rare Disease Communications,
Plainsboro, N.J. "Hopefully, this initiative will raise awareness of this silent
disease and bring attention to the patient registry that can help us better
understand the natural history of this disease."
"The mission of Rare Disease Report is to raise awareness of orphan conditions
so that patients will be diagnosed and treated more efficiently.
Currently, the
standard of care for FCS patients is a very low fat diet (= 15% by calories), in
which patients consume less than 20-25 grams of fat per day.
But Trey and his family have the good fortune to live in British Columbia, where
our medical system offers a treatment for the disease.
Her parents Les, 57, and Michelle, 38, who is Matilda's full-time carer, know of
only one other sufferer - in Canada.
Les, who is also a carer for his nephew, said: "We'd been warned not to look on
the internet, but we did.
It would help them to "navigate the healthcare system" and find the answers,
information and medical developments they have been searching for all of
Matilda's life.
A5

LENGTH: 388  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


The Ontario government said Monday that it is improving access to specialized
care for people living with rare diseases.
"These clinics are another example of
how Ontario is putting patients first to provide them with better access to high
quality of care closer to home."
It will give primary care providers a single point of
contact to get information on signs of the disease, receive advice and feedback
from experts on diagnosis and treatment options and make referrals to
specialists.
"It will be good to be able to talk to other people who have it, and know that
you are not alone."
Sarah Borrows, Clinical Nurse Specialist Renal Genetics, who cares for patients
with LMBSS at QEHB says: "Due to the complex nature of many rare diseases
patients need to attend multiple clinics for the different aspects of the
condition.
"It has been reported that this often leads to a general lack of awareness, and
lack of experience, amongst healthcare professionals when caring for patient
with rare diseases.
"This, in turn can lead to inequitable access to co-ordinated quality care,
resulting in patients feeling isolated and frustrated with the healthcare
system.
Drawing on the knowledge, skills and care of the QE, Birmingham Children's
Hospital and the University of Birmingham, the new unit will enable patients
from all over the UK to access treatment in one place.
However, there is considerable debate among healthcare professionals as to
whether Morgellons is a real illness at all.
"I have hard days and I have good days.
"The community is being very,
very good and there are people out there that really went out of their way to
help out and do things."
More than about finishing the
gruelling course, Jones and her team have dedicated their participation to the
Rare Disease Foundation and are using it as a means of raising funds and
awareness.
"That's how I met her, at daycare, just talking to her every day,
talking to her about Max," says Jones.
"We've become really good friends," she
adds.
The family of five-year-old Shania Knuckey, who was diagnosed with Gorlin
Syndrome in March last year, are covering their Sweetbriar Crescent home in
Christmas lights in a bid to raise cash and increase awareness of the condition.
* On August 2, 2016, Abeona provided an update on the initial subjects enrolled
in this trial, stating that ABO-102 had been well tolerated with no safety or
tolerability concerns identified through 30-days post-injection, and that
encouraging signs of early biopotency had been observed in urinary and CSF GAG
(heparan sulfate) measurements as well as potential disease-modifying effects in
the liver and spleen.
While sirukumab has shown solid efficacy over placebo in the Phase III data that
have been presented publicly, analysts for Datamonitor Healthcare observed that
its ACR20 response was lower than the response seen in trials of Actemra and
sarilumab.
BLISS-SC compared subcutaneous Benlysta with placebo; all patients also received
standard of care treatment.
SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 552 words


Aug. 21--The Wyatt's Walk and Run 5K will take place Oct. 24 at Cumberland
University and will look to raise awareness for Smith Magenis Syndrome (SMS),
which occurs when a person is missing a portion of chromosome 17.
But the terrifying reality is this: Ashley's future depends on the goodwill of a
multi-national company.
That he has forgotten, is a good sign.
How he didn't get a speeding ticket was pure good luck.
Jason threw in his job with a mattress company so he could care for their three
children back home.
THE figures don't look good for the Government.
Atypical Hureemic Ureemic
Syndrome How it's really said: Atypical Haemolytic Uraemic Syndrome a deadly
auto-immune disease TO SEE ASHLEY ATTEMPT HIS MEDICAL MOUTHFUL GO TO
heraldsun.com.au

THE REAL COST HOW MUCH ASHLEY'S DRUG WOULD COST EACH TAXPAYER EACH YEAR 1.9
cents to keep Ashley alive 44 smarties to treat every aHUS with Eculizumab WHAT
ASHLEY'S PARENTS WOULD HAVE TO PAY TO FUND HIS TREATMENT A family sedan every
two weeks or...Half the value of his family's home each year

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Yorkshire Evening Post

                            January 20, 2015 Tuesday

NHS drug battle as Leeds boy bids for funds

LENGTH: 424  words


Delays that  left a six-year-old Leeds boy with only "goodwill" to pay for his
treatment has had his case put before ministers.
That hope though was taken from the Otley boy when the NHS dropped funding
rather than face a legal challenge over how it hands out the cash, and now his
family is left relying purely on the goodwill of the drug company, BioMarin.
He said: "There is a moral and a potentially legal responsibility to have these
decisions made, we are already a month past the date at which these families
were told there will be a decision, a potentially life changing decisions.
The current theory is that the bacteria which causes toxic shock
 syndrome is present in the vagina and that the tampon allows it to build
 up in a "plug effect," or that the bacteria finds the tampon a good place
 to grow.
Controversy last year about the rare disease, which can cause a drop in
 blood pressure, shock and can result in heart and renal failure, led to
 new federal regulations which require manufacturers to satisfy health
 officials of the safety of their product before they are given permission
 to begin sales.
"I think the biggest impact that will come from this is in our ability to change
the way we care for patients," Dr.
"All clinicians are dedicated to patient care but I think in Canada we just have
less ego about it so that we can get things done at a rate that other countries
cannot," Dr.
"My doctor said you don't look too good.
"My doctor said you don't look too good.
The
hospital is organising an awareness programme on Monday-International Rare
Diseases Day.
Health experts stress on the need for increasing awareness and compulsory
prenatal screening in vulnerable population.
"I had five very good reasons to cope."
LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM

                   Copyright 2000 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              346 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                     February 6, 2013 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Decision Resources: Through 2018, Five New Drugs will Launch for the Treatment
of Myelodysplastic Syndromes

LENGTH: 546  words


New Delhi, Feb. 6 -- Decision Resources, one of the world's leading research and
advisory firms for pharmaceutical and healthcare issues, finds that, through
2018, five new drugs will launch for the treatment of myelodysplastic syndromes
(MDS), three of which are expected to offer much-needed second-line therapeutic
options in the hypomethylating agent (HMA)-refractory higher-risk MDS
population.
His father Alan has started the Build for Shay campaign to build a palliative
care suite so Shay, who has beaten the odds by reaching nine years of age, can
have his own bedroom he can use in comfort.
Shay is under the palliative care team at Keech and Great Ormond Street
Hospital.
Chief medical officer Fiona Reynolds, who has worked at Birmingham for more than
15 years as a paediatric intensive care doctor, said: "We look after six per
cent of all the children who suffer rare diseases b who come from around the UK,
including Cambridge, Norfolk, Northern Ireland, all for the experts we have
here.
It is also home to Europe's largest single site paediatric intensive care unit,
a 24-hour accident and emergency service, regional major trauma centre and
revolutionary new mental health service for under-25s.
She is cared for by a number of specialists
and needs up to four visits a month.
The
aim is to build on the excellent care Birmingham provides to rare diseases
patients, using its expert clinical knowledge and skilled research teams to
become a national rare diseases centre.
The new centre will ensure shared clinical care
across departments happens as standard practice, meaning that care is
coordinated and bespoke to each patient.
"One of the
suggestions given to us during her intensive care unit stay was not to use
invasive intervention to prolong her life.
Sharing their story to raise awareness ahead of Rare Disease Day, which takes
place on the last day of February every year, Mr Xie said: "What our daughter
has is so rare that the odds of winning the lottery are probably even higher."
Her family also receives support from groups such as the Muscular
Dystrophy Association Singapore, KKH's homecare team and Star PALS (Paediatric
Advanced Life Support), a service by HCA Hospice Care.
As a simple cold can be potentially fatal, her caregivers wear surgical masks
and sanitise their hands before attending to her.
Despite knowing what lies ahead for Xin Lin, the Xies are not ready to discuss
end-of-life care with KKH's medical team.
The hospital scares her but she
smiles and lights up whenever she sees her older sister," said Mrs Xie, 32, an
advisory IT specialist.
In the long run, I feel morally responsible for the next
generation."
Photo by Debbie
Egan-Chin News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.


                              353 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                October 5, 2009

Study: Rescue rates, not complications, distinguish good hospitals

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.
0033

LENGTH: 762 words


A University of Michigan Health System study debunks assumptions about the role
of complications in distinguishing good and bad hospitals.
It's a new view of what defines the safest hospitals for surgery.
Funding for the study came from the National Cancer Institute, Agency for
Healthcare Research and Quality.
The FDA approved an investigational new drug application from Neuralstem Inc., a
Rockville, Md.-based biotech company, to test the safety of a treatment in which
patients will receive injections of the company's patented neural stem cells at
multiple sites along the spinal cord.
In order to receive the grant, the clinic, which provides
free health and dental care to the uninsured, must raise $1 million by the end
of the year.
LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: db


                      Copyright 2009 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Watford Observer

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Bovingdon resident wishes to raise awareness of her life-altering condition in
time for Rare Disease Day

BYLINE: Katrina Turrill

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 467 words


A woman from Bovingdon who has been living with severe kidney pain for the past
14 years wants to raise awareness of the life-altering condition in time for
Rare Disease Day on Saturday, February 28.
"My mission is to help raise awareness amongst the community and the medical
profession.
Its main objective is to raise awareness amongst the general
public and decision-makers about rare diseases and their impact on patients'
lives.
More than 350 individuals and organizations worldwide were nominated by members
of the Global Genes Board of Directors and Medical and Science Advisory Board
for their notable efforts in rare disease advocacy, science, collaborative
sciences, and medical care and treatment.
She has worked tirelessly in her career not only
for science but for humanity.
The organization hopes to find
treatments and cures for the 7,000+ rare and genetic diseases that affect an
estimated 30 million Americans and over 350 million people worldwide through
building awareness, developing patient-focused educational tools, and funding
patient care programs and early investigative research.
In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                        May 23, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Abeona Therapeutics to Present at UBS 2016 Global Healthcare Conference

LENGTH: 256  words


May 23 -- Abeona Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ: ABEO), a clinical-stage
biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and delivering gene therapy and
plasma-based products for severe and life-threatening rare diseases, today
announced that President and CEO, Tim Miller, PhD, will be presenting for the
company at the UBS 2016 Global Healthcare Conference in New York City, NY on
Wednesday, May 25th at 11:30am ET.
The presentation will be webcast live and can
be accessed through the following URL:
https://cc.talkpoint.com/ubsx001/052316a_ae/?entity=92_LUN46NN

The following are the specific details regarding Abeona Therapeutics
Presentation:

Event: UBS 2016 Global Healthcare Conference

Date: Wednesday, May 25th 2016

Time: 11:30 am ET

Location: New York City, NY

Room: Ballroom V, Uris

Webcast Link: https://cc.talkpoint.com/ubsx001/052316a_ae/?entity=92_LUN46NN

Abeona Therapeutics Inc announced last week that the first patient had been
dosed in its Phase 1/2 trial for ABO-102 (AAV-SGSH), a single treatment gene
therapy strategy for patients with Sanfilippo syndrome type A
(Mucopolysaccharidosis Type IIIA or MPS IIIA).
Source: Abeona Therapeutics

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              European Union News

                             March 2, 2017 Thursday

Two families unite with North Wales paediatricians to raise awareness on Rare
Disease Day

LENGTH: 880 words

DATELINE: New York



 London: Board of Community Health Council, UK Government has issued the
following news release:



 Two families with children who suffer from extremely rare disorders have joined
forces with paediatricians from Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board to raise
awareness on Rare Disease Day.
Three-year-old Harry Thorogood, from Kinmel Bay, suffers with a rare and
severely disabling type of epilepsy called Dravet Syndrome which means he
suffers between ten to fifteen seizures a day.
She said: "In Betsi Cadwaladr Health Board (BCUHB) we have community and acute
based paediatricians who undertake the medical care of children who have rare
and complex disorders.
"This care continues throughout childhood and into the transition to adult
services or until their death for children with rare severely life limiting
conditions.
For preschool children the child development teams provide
coordinated care.
"In Conwy we are lucky enough to have a Child Development Centre which is
jointly run by Health, Education and Social Services and is therefore well
placed to provide comprehensive and coordinated care with carefully thought
through transition to school for children receiving its services."
Rare Disease Day is held on the last day of February every year to raise
awareness of rare diseases.
"We are so lucky to live in an amazing supportive community who supports our
efforts in a quest for a cure, better treatment options and most importantly to
raise awareness for catastrophic epilepsies like Dravet syndrome.
The LOGICS study will supplement the long-term efficacy and
safety data from the ongoing SONICS study in a randomized, double-blind,
placebo-controlled study that will enroll approximately 35 patients, of which
approximately two-thirds will have completed the SONICS study.
"We believe that
SONICS will provide scientifically-rigorous and clinically-relevant evidence
characterizing the efficacy and safety of COR-003.
Matab explained: "My mum tries not to show that she's sad, but I can actually
see that she's really scared inside.
He said the team, led by Dr Tuangsit Wattakanara, had detected abnormalities in
the foetus carried by 41-year-old Yanee Phobuathong, who went to the hospital
for prenatal care a month into her pregnancy.
"Most people think that having twin boys is good luck, but I was really stressed
out.
She is on 26-28 medications a day and was recently devastated when her doctors
told her it was no longer safe for her to become pregnant.
My fiance and I have been devastated recently because it is no longer safe for
me to become pregnant for so many medical reasons.
About Orphan Drug Designation

The Orphan Drug Designation programme provides orphan status to drugs and
biologics which are defined as those intended for the safe and effective
treatment, diagnosis or prevention of rare diseases/disorders that affect fewer
than 200,000 people in the U.S., or that affect more than 200,000 persons but
are not expected to recover the costs of developing and marketing a treatment
drug.
Matab explained: "My mum tries not to show that she's sad, but I can actually
see that she's really scared inside.
However, he said Mineâ[#x20ac][TM]s chances of survival were good but she would
need long-term dialysis, cleansing of her blood and a kidney transplant.
Spreading awareness reaps benefits beyond raising money.
The Ashes have vowed to take every opportunity to spread awareness about their
daughters' rare diseases.
Even then, appropriate care and treatment are often delayed
until specialized clinical programs and professionals are tracked down.
"An estimated 20 million Americans with more than 5,000 rare disorders find
themselves medically disenfranchised, and falling through the cracks of the
health-care system, because their afflictions are not identified as major
public-health threats warranting targeted research efforts," writes Abbey
Meyers, executive director of the U.S. National Organization for Rare Disorders.
``That scares the hell out of me.''
She is currently undergoing
palliative care, which she says has relieved her of pain.
Dr Eyoku reveals that although there is no cure for Parkinson's disease,
medications, surgery and palliative care can offer relief from some of the
symptoms that are commonly associated with the condition.
Although rare, the disease is a good model for treating other storage diseases,
such as Tay-Sachs disease, Sly said.
LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Tina Hesman: E-mail: thesman@post-dispatch.com Phone:
314-340-8325

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              385 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     High Point Enterprise (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 7, 2016 Sunday

Local woman uses limited days to spread awareness of rare disease

BYLINE: Jimmy Tomlin, The High Point Enterprise, N.C.
According to the MSA Coalition -- a nonprofit organization that helps fund MSA
research and educates patients and caregivers -- MSA is "a rare, degenerative
neurologic condition that affects both men and women, usually starting in the
50s or early 60s.
Hospice of the Piedmont has been
called in to assist with her end-of-life care.
"They talk about spreading awareness of MSA, and it's got
to be done by people who know about it.
Meanwhile, Current's family members have made MSA awareness their mission, too.
LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160207-HP-Local-woman-uses-limited-days-to-spread-awareness-of-
rare-disease-0207-20160207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HP


                      Copyright 2016 High Point Enterprise


                              386 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                        July 14, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

PatientCrossroads Fuels Development of New National Clinical Research Network

LENGTH: 828  words


July 14 -- PatientCrossroads issued the following news release:


PatientCrossroads, pioneer of the groundbreaking CONNECT patient registry
platform, announced that three PatientCrossroads-based patient
registries-DuchenneConnect, for Duchenne and Becker muscular dystrophies; the
Phelan-McDermid Syndrome International Registry; and the NephCure Kidney
Network, for primary Nephrotic Syndrome-have been awarded contracts by the
Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute (PCORI) as part of the creation of
a new health data network called PCORnet: the National Patient-Centered Clinical
Research Network.
PCORI has invested more than $100 million to support 29 individual health data
networks that will comprise PCORnet, a large, national network for conducting
more efficient clinical outcomes research that addresses questions of greatest
concern to patients and those who care for them.
"PatientCrossroads' vision aligns perfectly with PCORnet, which is intended to
provide patients, families and healthcare providers with key information
required to make crucial decisions about which preventive, diagnostic or
treatment approach is best suited to patients' needs and circumstances," said
Kyle Brown, founder of PatientCrossroads.
"As a secure data network, PCORnet is designed to provide access to a large
amount of diverse and relevant health information that can focus research on
questions and outcomes especially useful to patients and those who care for
them," said Marilyn Hailperin, Research Director for the NephCure Foundation.
Lapointe, who has taken a year off from her teaching career to scour the
Internet for potential treatments, has spent more than $20,000 in pursuit of
experimental therapies in the U.S. and Canada.
"Until there's that awareness and
commitment by the federal government, it will be difficult for much to happen in
terms of gathering support in the private sector."
Gaetz-Faubert contends these drugs comprise basic health care
for people with rare diseases - and that more of them need to be subsidized.
The issues raise a host of troubling moral questions in a country that prides
itself on universal health coverage.
LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 Alberni Valley Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Wharfedale Observer

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

Parents battling for care to be extended

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 400 words


OTLEY parents are desperately seeking help to secure funding for a wonder drug
that is prolonging their son's life.
But the drug is not yet funded by the NHS, whose Clinical Priorities Advisory
Group will decide in mid-December whether or not to back it - and the signs are
not looking good.
Rare disease specialist Dr. Joe Clarke at the Hospital for Sick Children says
the government's position calls into question one of the cornerstones of
Canada's health-care system - accessibility.
LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mackenzie Olsen needs medication which can cost up to $17, 000 a week,
but it is not covered under health care.
The bag of colourless medicine, not even a cupful, costs the public health-care
system $5,000 to $6,000 for each weekly treatment, something he will require, in
some form or another, for the rest of his life.
A good night's sleep is Doctors were baffled: on
one occasion Niamh, at six months, was wheeled into the hospital amphitheatre
where 200 medical students were invited to discuss her condition.
"We are two
people working in public and community health because we believed in the public
service and that everyone should have access to equal health care.
She is a good artist - "I want
to write children's books and illustrate them" - and loves football, up to last
year playing for the local girls team.
"Yes, like last night I was scared about my heart," she
pauses and then says, "But I am used to it.
Right, horse riding and wearing her favourite One Direction sweatshirt

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2013 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              392 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Camden Advertiser

                                 April 24, 2012

Rare disease means constant care

SECTION: NEWS - GENERAL

LENGTH: 361  words


Apert syndrome is a disease most people have never heard of.
The doctor who oversees Adriana's extremely specialised care, Adelaide-based
craniomaxillofacial surgery specialist David David, said the care Apert syndrome
patients needed had improved over the past 40 years.
"Now about 60 per cent of patients can live independent lives, but they require
a lot of multi-faceted care."
"It is a health care development system centred on the patient," Professor David
said.
"She spent her first 10 days in intensive care due to breathing difficulties.
"It's a learning process, and there are difficult times, but the good outweighs
the bad."
After they attended a foster care orientation the county placed Michael in their
care.
The women didn't balk when welcoming Baby M, who can't be identified by name
while in foster care.
The conference is being organised by The Northern Ireland Rare Disease
Partnership (NIRDP) and patients, carers, clinicians and health and social care
professionals, as well as charities and other organisations, will take part,
supporting their ethos of "Stronger Together".
The organisers say the day as a whole will bring together families, carers,
patient representative organisations, industry representatives, and clinicians
and other health and social care professionals, with policy makers and advisers.
Sharon is also part of the group of mothers who call themselves Our Children's
Voice,' who are calling for greater palliative care services, cross-border and
respite care in Donegal.
It was recently confirmed that a children's outreach nurse will be appointed in
Donegal but the group have said they will also continue to fight on for other
issues such as cross-border care.
Preclinical efficacy and safety has been demonstrated in
numerous animal disease models including mucositis, colitis, melioidosis, MAS
and other bacterial infections.
SGX942 (the drug product containing dusquetide) has demonstrated safety in a
Phase 1 clinical study in 84 healthy human volunteers.
Recently, SGX942 has
demonstrated preliminary efficacy and safety in an exploratory Phase 2 clinical
study in 111 patients with oral mucositis due to chemoradiation (CRT) therapy
for head and neck cancer.
The results of the Phase 1B
study indicated that Alum-adjuvanted RiVax was safe and well tolerated, and
induced greater ricin neutralizing antibody levels in humans than adjuvant-free
RiVax.
RiVax
is extremely labile in liquid form requiring careful management under
refrigerated conditions at 4 degrees Celsius (39 degrees Fahrenheit).
"Sometimes, we do better with half a brain" than a whole brain with a good half
and bad half, Imbus said.
Because Sturge-Weber is rare, Waters wants to spread awareness about it.
Waters works from home, selling safety signs and identification products.
The family had its first scare when Danielle was hospitalised when
she was only a few months old.
There were threats of kidney failure, she was in and out of hospital and her
eyesight weakened enough to scare the family.
With about 14 patients at Cape Town's Red Cross and
Tygerberg hospitals, Nourse has good reason to think that the disease is more
common than statistics bear out.
Also, the cocktail tastes "disgusting", so doctors,
parents and caregivers have their work cut out feeding it to children four times
a day, says Nourse.
"But we are hopeful and prayerful that by God's
grace a cure for cystinosis will be found so that Danielle and many other
sufferers will be able to enjoy good health."
10-11

LENGTH: 314  words


A woman who was left wheelchair-bound after developing a number of rare diseases
is raising awareness of the life-changing conditions that have left her unable
to pick up a knife and suffering several seizures every day.
Miss Corner lives at home with her mum who acts as her carer.
She held a walk in Toronto that raised $30,000 for NephCure, an organization
that raises awareness about the disease.
"It makes me feel good to make a difference," she said.
Use CAPRELSA in patients with indolent, asymptomatic or slowly progressing
disease only after careful consideration of the treatment related risks of
CAPRELSA.
The safety of resumption of CAPRELSA therapy after
resolution of an ischemic cerebrovascular event has not been studied.
If diarrhea occurs, carefully monitor serum electrolytes and ECGs to
enable early detection of QT prolongation resulting from dehydration.
There is no information
available for patients with end-stage renal disease requiring dialysis

* CAPRELSA is not recommended for patients with moderate and severe hepatic
impairment, as safety and efficacy have not been established

* CAPRELSA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman.
Use CAPRELSA in patients with indolent, asymptomatic or slowly progressing
disease only after careful consideration of the treatment related risks of
CAPRELSA.
The safety of resumption of CAPRELSA therapy after
resolution of an ischemic cerebrovascular event has not been studied.
If diarrhea occurs, carefully monitor serum electrolytes and ECGs to
enable early detection of QT prolongation resulting from dehydration.
There is no information
available for patients with end-stage renal disease requiring dialysis

* CAPRELSA is not recommended for patients with moderate and severe hepatic
impairment, as safety and efficacy have not been established

* CAPRELSA can cause fetal harm when administered to a pregnant woman.
Rare disease specialist Dr. Joe Clarke at the Hospital for Sick Children says
the government's position calls into question one of the cornerstones of
Canada's health care system -- accessibility.
LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Lorraine Hjalte, Calgary Herald; Mackenzie Olsen needs enzyme replacement
therapy that is not covered under health care.
She explained she spends much of her time caring for her
son, finding support groups that she can learn from and raising awareness for
rare diseases.
The
celebration will bring in countless members of the Ryder's Support League, give
others a chance to learn about his journey and snack on some bake sale goods.
12

LENGTH: 479 words


You can tell Bernie Drayne (52) has a good relationship with her daughter, Roma
(19), from the way she talks about her.
Roma has good support, with a special classroom assistant and personal
assistant, Laura, who takes her shopping and to the cinema at weekends.
This potentially
pivotal clinical study will evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of
sarizotan in patients with Rett syndrome suffering from respiratory symptoms.
The study will be comprised of two global surveys, one to be
completed by at least 750 caregivers and the other by at least 210 healthcare
providers (HCP).
Both will examine patient burden, with the caregiver survey
additionally evaluating caregiver burden.
These global
initiatives all help to raise awareness of rare diseases and Parkinson's disease
respectively and we fully support their mission to improve the lives of both
rare disease and Parkinson's disease patients.
Evenamide met the study objectives of good tolerability,
safety, and preliminary evidence of efficacy as an add-on therapy for the
treatment of schizophrenia.
Anders will leave the Company
effective June 30, 2017, to pursue his professional career outside of Newron and
we are grateful to him for his contributions to Newron.
Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee.
Neither was
offered before his UK visit, so the real success of this story has been the
continuation of his long term care."
Mona Chip said she and her husband were shocked that he had cancer at all
because of his good health and young age.
As part of the healing process, Mona Chip said she tries focus on the good
memories of her husband rather than the way he was at the end.
Ryan was a hard worker but also appreciated a good weekend of pizza and video
gaming.
He cared
for people so much, especially his family, friends and colleagues.
For more information about CARE and how you can get involved or make a
donation, visit carelascruces.org or call 575-680-5922 or 575-649-0598.
Where: 125 N. Main Street, Suite 114

Info: Call Yoli Diaz at 575-680-5922 or 575-649-0598 or visit carelascruces.org
.
Accessing unapproved drugs through the Special Access Programme leads to a
proper review of all safety and efficacy data by an objective third party before
any drug is given to a patient, McFadyen says.
"Health-care providers and hospitals feel more comfortable providing an
unapproved drug to a patient, knowing that it's been properly vetted and looked
at by Health Canada.
"Patients may only have enough money for partial dose, the data is not there to
show that it works or is truly safe, more harm than good could come from
treating."
McFadyen says his family may seek access during Phase 3 of the clinical trial,
after the treatment's safety and efficacy have been demonstrated.
We want to ensure Isaac
gets in at the most efficacious dose and ensure the safety profile is there."
Born June 19, TJ initially spent
two weeks in the neonatal intensive care unit.
Darcy Willis said her goal now is raising awareness about Menkes in
hopes of saving at least one life.
She is raising
awareness to this disease with the hope that it can help another family or
doctor diagnose the illness sooner."
Tell ttkhand@abpmail.com
(mailto:ttkhand@abpmail.com)

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2017 The Telegraph (India), distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           February 28, 2012 Tuesday

Why the EU is good for our health

SECTION: HEALTH; News Focus; Pg.
4

LENGTH: 930 words


Eurocat, a European network of registries for the surveillance of congenital
anomalies, helps paint a comprehensive picture of the threats to health of
newborns throughout the EU and Ireland, writes  JOANNE HUNT

IT S EASY to forget that membership of the European Union might actually be good
for our health.
There is a fair level of knowledge among women that folic acid supplementation
is good in pregnancy and can prevent spina bifida, but the knowledge that it
needs to start pre-conceptually is not really there   so women may start to take
folic acid but they start too late,  Prof Dolk said.
In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      February 29, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Newron Pharmaceuticals Supports Rare Disease Day, Joins Global Movement to Raise
Awareness for Rare Diseases

LENGTH: 171  words


Feb. 29 -- Newron Pharmaceuticals S.p.A. ("Newron"), a biopharmaceutical company
focused on the development of novel therapies for patients with diseases of the
central nervous system (CNS) and pain, today announced it has joined forces with
300 million people living with rare diseases and health care advocates around
the world for Rare Disease Day, an annual global initiative dedicated to
elevating public understanding of rare diseases and calling attention to the
special challenges of people affected by these.
"We are proud to support NORD (The National Organization for Rare Disorders in
the USA) and EURORDIS (the European Organization for Rare Diseases) to raise
awareness for rare diseases and their devastating impact on patients' lives,"
said Stefan Weber, CEO of Newron, "We are particularly honored to support groups
such as Rettsyndrome.org and Curerett.org, who are dedicated to improving the
lives of girls living with Rett syndrome, which is one of more than 6,000 rare
diseases."
Doctors suspected her parents had harmed her, causing brain damage by shaking
her, and the baby was taken into care.
The little girl was taken into emergency care last August after her parents
rushed her to hospital after she had collapsed and difficulty breathing.
Grieving parents 'made to feel like criminals' as police arrive after they took
baby's body to register office

Effie, the judge said, had also been admitted to hospital twice while living
with her foster carers, once with a swelling on her head, and a second time when
her eyes glazed over and she projectile vomited.
The parents have built up a very good relationship with the foster carers, who
are profoundly grateful for the care she has received.
Auven
Therapeutics has developed a clinical Phase 2/3 study protocol to evaluate the
safety and efficacy of KIACTA in sarcoidosis and an investigational new drug
application (IND) for this clinical study could be filed with the U.S. Food and
Drug Administration (FDA) in the first quarter of 2017.
Shigamab for sHUS

BELLUS Health has received positive regulatory feedback from the FDA in relation
to the clinical Phase 2 study protocol for the assessment of the efficacy and
safety of Shigamab in the treatment of children suffering from sHUS.
Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee.
3

LENGTH: 163 words


MAY is the international awareness month for Williams syndrome, and a Ballarat
couple are trying to raise awareness in the community.
The younger Abram was hospitalized for 28 days in the intensive care unit.
Instead of raising money and awareness by setting up a nonprofit foundation, a
more typical route, she opted to start a for-profit company to seek treatments,
if not a cure.
He has been under the care of a Wellesley Hospital specialist, who is also
on the board of directors of the Klinefelter's syndrome group.
What started out as a whim to get 15 Air Miles and perhaps get some
awareness about Barth Syndrome turned into being one of 10 contestants in Canada
who had a chance to win 15,000 Air Miles.
They've since registered their fundraising charity, Shwachman-Diamond Syndrome
Canada, which supports community awareness and research, including the Sick
Kids' SDS research team.
There are safeguards, Lefebvre says.
Lefebvre's own Web site www.froggie.org includes 42 health care links, mostly in
Canada and the U.S. (Canadian sites are flagged), as well as information on such
diseases as diabetes, anorexia nervosa and cystic fibrosis, in addition to kids'
and parents' links.
There is also an online support

line and links to medical health

care sites, such as Medlineplus (www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus)

which hooks up to the world's largest medical library, the National Library of
Medicine at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Md.
"I don't know what changed their decision and I don't
care.
The
investigators hope this will enable the identification of low- and high-risk
groups for survival in order to improve patient care and outcome.
Mascioli, most recently head of a private equity firm focusing on health care
and the life sciences, will report to Jose Carlos Gutierrez-Ramos, senior vice
president of BioTherapeutics Research and Development.
Now aged seven, Eliza requires around-the-clock care plus regular visits to a
total of 18 different medical specialists.
Health care professionals should review the prescribing
information in the labeling for detailed information about the approved uses.
Approvals for the new indications were based on clinical studies, including
safety, efficacy and pharmacokinetic data.
Patients experiencing any symptoms
of an allergic reaction should call their healthcare provider, including: rash,
itching and hives, difficulty breathing or swallowing, and dizziness or feeling
faint.
The FDA, an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services,
protects the public health by assuring the safety, effectiveness, security of
human and veterinary drugs, vaccines and other biological products for human
use, and medical devices.
The agency is also responsible for the safety and
security of our nation's food supply, cosmetics, dietary supplements, products
that give off electronic radiation, and for regulating tobacco products.
His medical interests lie in healthcare policy and quality improvement and
patient safety.
LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture: IAN HINCHCLIFFE/Ross Parry

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SXP


                       Copyright 2015 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Portside Messenger (Australia)

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday
                                Portside Edition

Support for those who care

BYLINE: Kurtis Eichler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg.
The week honours the contribution unpaid carers,
such as Ms Goldfinch, make to their community.Variety spends millions of dollars
helping children living with a disability.
The charity gave $500 worth of
incontinence aids to the boys and $5000 to modify Ms Goldfinch's car to allow
wheelchairs to fit in safely.
LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Portside Messenger


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                            February 29, 2016 Monday

Walk for rare diseases sees huge participation

LENGTH: 131  words

DATELINE: Bengaluru


Bengaluru, Feb. 29 -- Around 2,500 Bengalureans turned up to show their support
for rare diseases at 'Race for 7', a 7-km walk organised here on Sunday to raise
awareness on the issue.
We expected a team of 7,000 people to raise awareness on the 7,000
rare diseases," said founder-director of the Organisation For Rare Diseases
India (ORDI) Prasanna Kumar B. Shirol whose daughter suffers from Pompe disease.
LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      October 6, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

BARDA Awards $37.6 Million Contract to Sanofi to Supply Leukine (sargramostim)
for Potential Public Health Emergency

LENGTH: 319  words


Oct. 6 -- Sanofi Genzyme, the specialty care global business unit of Sanofi,
announced today that the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority
(BARDA), within the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and
Response in the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, has awarded Sanofi
a $37.6 million contract to supply and manage inventory for Leukine.
Approvals for the three new indications were based on
clinical studies, including safety, efficacy, and pharmacokinetic data.
Approvals for the three new indications were based on
clinical studies, including safety, efficacy, and pharmacokinetic data.
A friend of the family told The Gazette the 3-year-old was taken to
a hospital in Augusta right before Thanksgiving and is "doing real good now."
''As February 28 is Rare Disease Day I decided I wanted to run a campaign which
acknowledges and raises awareness of all the children and families out there
battling many forms of rare disease, not just Riley's condition,'' she said.
"I want to see IVF as safe as normal conception -- and anything we can do to
understand the process will enable us to make IVF safer," he said.
19

LENGTH: 172 words


Sufferers of a rare neurological disease and their families are holding an
awareness event.
Paul Southwood, who has suffered from the syndrome and is a member of the local
support group, said he hoped the information display would raise awareness of
the condition and let people know that help is available in Leicester.
19

LENGTH: 172 words


Sufferers of a rare neurological disease and their families are holding an
awareness event.
Paul Southwood, who has suffered from the syndrome and is a member of the local
support group, said he hoped the information display would raise awareness of
the condition and let people know that help is available in Leicester.
19

LENGTH: 172 words


Sufferers of a rare neurological disease and their families are holding an
awareness event.
Paul Southwood, who has suffered from the syndrome and is a member of the local
support group, said he hoped the information display would raise awareness of
the condition and let people know that help is available in Leicester.
"I was more scared than anything."
Looks like "borrowed" and "blue" is taken care
of for Holmes's bridal ensemble, possibly this fall.
JUST CAME BACK: Echoing a 23-year, 13-album career, Colin James performed songs
from his recently released album Take It From The Top in the Fairmont Pacific
Rim hotel's lounge this week.
While Mara has struggled with the disease for years, her grandmother, Kathy
Wallace, said her granddaughter is in good spirits.
"He told me he was scared, because it wasn't a yes and he didn't want to die
young."
Not long after Morgan's family received the good news, Stewart received a flurry
of texts from people who had followed Morgan's story.
One major trend upcoming in this market is the increase in public awareness of
Cushing's syndrome.
Brenda Shepard, communications coordinator for the foundation, said more
awareness is needed to ensure timely diagnosis.
Aaron will need lifelong care, and money raised will help him get crucial items
such as a service dog, medical bed, and sensory room.
It was a waste of time
speaking as I never had anything to say'

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2013 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Laurinburg Exchange (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday

Locals work to raise awareness of rare diseases

BYLINE: The Laurinburg Exchange, N.C.
___ (c)2014 The Laurinburg Exchange (Laurinburg, N.C.) Visit The Laurinburg
Exchange (Laurinburg, N.C.) at www.laurinburgexchange.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140222-1LX-Locals-work-to-raise-awareness-of-rare-diseases
-0222-20140222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LX


                     Copyright 2014 The Laurinburg Exchange


                              478 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      November 7, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

ArQule Reports Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results

LENGTH: 1283  words


Nov. 7 -- ArQule, Inc. (Nasdaq: ARQL) today announced its financial results for
the third quarter of 2016.
The family had its first scare when Danielle was hospitalised when she was only
a few months old.
There were threats of
kidney failure, she was in and out of hospital and her eyesight weakened enough
to scare the family.
With about 14 patients at Cape Town's Red Cross and Tygerberg hospitals, Nourse
has good reason to think that the disease is more common than statistics bear
out.
Also, the cocktail tastes "disgusting", so doctors, parents and caregivers have
their work cut out feeding it to children four times a day, says Nourse.
"But we are hopeful and prayerful that by God's grace a cure for
cystinosis will be found so that Danielle and many other sufferers will be able
to enjoy good health.
That round of financing included
leading U.S. institutional specialist healthcare investors RA Capital
Management, New Enterprise Associates and Broadfin Capital.
Members of Fortress, fellowServant, 1st Assembly, Ingnite and Freedom Praise
will unite for a day of free entertainment, to raise awareness for rare diseases
that afflict at least two children in Richmond County.
Individuals with Dravet Syndrome need constant care and supervision, which can
be financially and emotionally draining for caregivers.
The band members hope to raise awareness about these little-known disorders on
Saturday.
Randi and her husband have been working to raise awareness about Eosinophilic
Esophagitis through participation in marathons and with their blog
wrjwood.blogspot.com.
"It will certainly extend his quality of life but, based on what I've seen,
there's a good chance it will extend his life and allow him to be independent."
Arian would frequently visit
Delhi where he was receiving therapy under the care of Dr Ratna Dua Puri,
vice-chairperson, Centre for Medical Genetics at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital.
Treatment: Apart from palliative care, there is a drug Elaprase, developed by US
drug manufacturer Shire Human Genetic Therapies Ltd, which is the only known
drug to effectively treat patients suffering from this syndrome.
The FDA's Office of Orphan Products Development advances the evaluation of drugs
that show promise for the safe treatment of rare diseases, defined as those
affecting fewer than 200,000 people in the United States.
The Cushing's Understanding Support & Help group -- of which Farrar is vice
president -- will hold a conference Thursday and Friday to support patients and
"bring about awareness of this rare disease," Farrar said.
While Chipotle works to reassure customers that its food is safe, Montreal
drugmaker, Bellus Health Inc., is the only company in the world developing a
treatment for a sometimes fatal complication to the bacteria and will be taking
the treatment to the FDA to begin U.S. studies next year.
It's both a rare disease product, which
is an area that we strongly believe in developing drugs for, there's a very high
unmet medical need there and there's also a good potential for a strong return
for our shareholders," said Bellus CEO Roberto Bellini.
"We're focused on developing drugs for rare diseases and don't want to do
research or stuffthat's too early stage because we don't think that's a good use
of our money and our time," Bellini said.
Health-care equity research analyst
David Martin said there has been a rise in developing treatments for rare
diseases because a lot of the low-hanging fruit in medicine has been picked by
the big pharma companies who commercialize treatments for the most common
illnesses.
Rep. Denham has helped raise awareness of Hunter syndrome, Scotty's own story,
and 21st Century Cures - most noticeably on Scotty's birthday each year.Today,
those efforts continue with a Facebook Live event discussing how 21st Century
Cures will help the rare disease community.
To date, OrbeShield has been
safely administered to more than 380 human subjects in multiple clinical
studies.
He had planned to take care of her.
Though his insurance covered about 95 percent of his care, he said, he still
owes thousands of dollars.
The first is fear: an
irrational retrospective fear as you realise how little lay between you and many
unimaginable months in intensive care with a tube in your throat and no means of
communication.
They frequently reminded me that while
it is good to be positive and cheerful, it would be normal now and then to feel
anger, frustration and depression.
"He's a loving boy," said his grandmother, who has helped care for Dylan since
the diagnosis.
Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                              May 11, 2010 Tuesday

Washington roundup: CMS pays out awards for HHA P4P as FDA scrutinizes devices

LENGTH: 1277 words

Medical Device Daily Washington Editor

Pay for performance, or P4P, is all the rage in hospitals doing business with
Medicare, but the same may eventually be said for home health agencies (HHAs) if
a demonstration project successfully runs its course.
The Centers for Medicare &
Medicaid Services reported last week that it had awarded an unspecified amount
of money to home health agencies (HHAs) that scored high on quality measures,
and first-year numbers suggest that P4P may work in this realm of healthcare in
much the same way as it does in hospitals.
The attempt to bolster quality of care by offering payments for performance may
encounter some financial headwinds, at least where home care operators are
concerned, given that FDA is in the process of imposing more regulatory
requirements of makers of devices that operate in homes.
The first phase
of the program used four U.S. Census regions located in seven states as the test
sites and employed a rubric of costs incurred for home healthcare patients who
migrated to other settings, including in-patient hospital and nursing and
rehabilitative care as well as hospice care and use of durable medical equipment
to determine scores.
